I was stalked in high school. A frightening male student who said if I went to the prom with anyone else but him,he'd kill me. He wrote me notes "see you in the graveyard." It was 1975 and my parents did nothing. I was alone in our home while my parents were at our cabin. I'd walk home from work and he was in my yard just standing under our trees. It was a terrifying summer. Our house was not secure. Finally it stopped. The police would not have helped and I knew telling them would put me in further danger. When my sister was stalked by a violent mentally ill boy the police in my hometown said "Well a pretty girl like you? I don't blame him.He tried to hit her with his car.My maternal grandfather held my ass for a long time in lieu of the hug I gave him for the $5 he gave me at my high school graduation party. I told my mom. She said "oh he's so awful." Only decades later when she was dying, she told me he had molested her at the age of 5. She never told anyone but her mother. She just made sure we (her five daughters) were never alone with him. Generations kept secrets because of shame and fear of breaking up families - that was the unwritten rule. Otherwise you were met with "what did you do to make him think you were interested? How were you dressed? What do you expect? Did you dance close?" Poor men (sarcasm) my mother was convinced by women of generations before her that boys were not responsible for themselves once they were aroused. The middle school my daughter attended sent her home on a sweltering day because she had a blouse on that had cut outs on the shoulders. Shoulders apparently distract the true victims of their sexuality, males. Amazing to me that sounds some still believe this sh*t.My first experience with sexual intercourse was a month after I turned 18. He said.was a Christian  I had just moved to Minneapolis from my small town. We were making out on my twin bed where I was staying with my sister and brother-in-law. I said no and he shoved his penis in me; then he left. I remember looking at the bit of blood in my panties and realizing I had lost my virginity to a horrible person; my boss. I had to face him daily. He had nothing more to do with me and my first drunken experience a month later I was suicidal and thankful to this day I was with women who stayed with me through the night.I was stalked my the man who owned the trailer park I lived in while my boyfriend was overseas. He looked in the windows and hung out in my yard. One night I heard a shotgun. It was him, drunk and firing his gun in the air. My best friends in Mpls were a couple. I worked with the woman. I was 18. She left town for a week and he agreed to drive me home from work. He said he needed to use the bathroom and I agreed. He always seemed so safe and they were clearly in love. He used the bathroom and pushed me down on my sofa telling me he needed to show me how to defend myself in case I was raped. I talked to him gently reminding him that his fiance would be so devastated if he had sex with me. I got him out of there and locked my door. According to several people, primarily my family, I "asked" for it my family said. When you are pretty and busty you should downplay it. I worked hard to hide my breasts with big shirts etc.2 dentists I worked for - one grabbed our legs when were standing on stools reaching for files. "someone needs a shave," he'd say. It was 1980 and I turned to him and said "Don't touch me anymore or ask me if I got any last night." I'll slap a sexual harassment suit on you so fast...! The next day he had a meeting with the 4 young women who worked for him. This included me. He said if anyone ever messed with his life he'd kill them and he put his pistol on the desk to bring the point home.I secured a job with another dentist and he was a good family man of course.. On my first day, I took my sack lunch out of my drawer and the two other young women took me aside and said I shouldn't stay at the office alone with him. Of course I asked why and they told me he'd exposed himself to them several times. I left for lunch and never went back. I reported him to the Dental Board. The women from his office called me frantically telling me to stop and they denied everything. Their husbands were in a side business with the dentist and they didn't want to screw that up. They were very trapped. I filed my report and felt completely depressed.By that time I had two toddlers. I was also getting so very tired of hearing, experiencing and realizing the huge problem we had with sexual harassment in our country.The biggie here is about my brother-in-law , a chiropractor who was married to my oldest sister. I left  California to be with my parents one winter while my young husband was on a West Pac on an aircraft carrier in the Navy. It was brutally cold in N.E. Minnesota. I started working for my brother-in-law.While I was working there he offered to adjust me as I have a horrible back. The adjustments quickly became breast massages and I froze. He could see I was concerned and he told me it was part of a chiropractic adjustment. I was 21. I should have known better or so they say. With other adjustments he'd lean in me and I could feel his erection.  However,  I needed the job, I couldn't tell my parents and my sister would have immediately become suspicious if I quit. Our family would blow up and I would have to be removed immediately.It took years and a visit to a marriage counselor before I named it. And years before I filed an official complaint with the MN State Board of Chiropractors. When the secretary to the Attorney General went to NE MN to investigate,she asked me what to expect. I said "3 things. They will say I am promiscuous. I am after money.They will ask you if you are Christian?" She was not got off guard because they did indeed say or ask all those things.  Of course was immediately discredited by my immediate family because she answered "No, I'm Jewish."My family no longer spoke to me. One sister did support me and she knew my accusation was absolutely true. The rest - cousins, sisters and parents all cut me off. I went through 13 years of hell. 15 years later he was charged by 4 additional women. It was 2004.  however, he was careful enough to take them out of the office and told the judge he was "dating" them. They were all employees. 90 day suspension.was his punishment. He's now retired, but at my 40th class reunion in 2015 women whispered to me that there were many many others. I believed I was the only one. I came forward for other women and for his daughters. At 55 I sighed with relief when I started a new job. I had previously worked primarily with women and now I felt a job with a print company of primarily men (4 women - 60+ men) I would no longer have to deal with sexual advances, sexual harassment etc.Somewhere in my mind, I still believed it was about youth and the idea of beautiful a man had of a woman.  I was wrong and realized days into my new job by unwelcome comments and questions that were completely inappropriate.I was very determined to tell my daughter what to do if anyone - coworker, teacher, grandfather or any family friend or relative. She grew up with the knowledge I had stood up to the sexual abuse in our family and made a huge sacrifice. My daughter did not know her cousins, her grandmother or grandfather, aunts or uncles. No one believed me and if they did they quietly told me they thought it could be true but don't tell anyone else. When my daughter was 16 she and a boyfriend of sorts were watching TV in the basement. She came up the stairs and said "He's leaving mom." He had pulled out his penis to show her it was erect and as instructed she said "I know where penises are and I'll let you know if I want to see it. Zip up and leave."Unfortunately, I helped her get a sales job with our ink vendor. She was given a great salary, gas card and use of a company car. One evening she was very quiet at home (she was probably 23 at the time) I asked her if she was ok and she burst out crying. The Ink rep who I knew and who was training her had touched her multiple times when they were on the road in Colorado. She was driving once and he ran his hand up her leg. He commented on her large breasts and he asked her what sort of underwear she wore.My heart sank. What did I miss? Why couldn't I have prevented this. Well, men in positions of authority who molest or harass women know when they are most vulnerable and are well practiced in this heinous behavior.I called an attorney that I knew from a part time job I had a few years prior. The firm was all women (at other firms men called their practice "The Coven") and they were strictly employment and sexual harassment attorneys. I learned that the even most intelligent, accomplished and confident women were shaken as they brought their cases to us. I heard stories of young Vietnamese girls new to the United States  getting a job at a McDonalds only to be groped and forced to have sex with their manager. They never lost a case.Immediately after my daughter described the things her boss "R" had done to her, the lawyer contacted the Ink company and we felt good that we had someone on our side. One male employee did agree to tell management that he witnessed "R"  lift up my daughter's dress in the hallway at the office. My daughter faced the entire management staff and "R" alone at a conference table and told her story. Of course he denied everything, but they had enough evidence and eyewitnesses to investigate the charges. He claimed he was driving when she accused him of running his hand up her leg so how could he have done that? My daughter was indeed driving and after several other lies and omissions it was clear he was was guilty. This ended his 36 year career with the company. I was so proud of my daughter; however immediately after that meeting, "R" went to every print company in the city and called others telling them about this crazy bitch who just started working for him and she told lied about him and he lost his job. These were customers of his for decades.  Our attorney wrote a letter to "R" insisting he stop the libel or we would officially charge him. But the damage was done. My daughter could not deal with the angry buyers accusing her of ruining the career if not life of a dedicated employee, husband and father of 3. This proved to be a long post. It's a long read but now I don't have to write that book! smile. I'll end on a more positive and hopeful note. The Denver print company I worked for was purchased by another company in Northern CO. Many printing companies were closing their doors and we hired many of them. The IT guy from the Loveland CO office came down 2 days a week to work with me and get things in order for me to navigate the new  to me computer system etc. A few of the old but new to me male Sales Reps had no problem telling me dirty (really raunchy) jokes, commenting on my breasts (they were in one guys way - he couldn't see the file cabinet) One slapped my butt. One noticed I had toothpaste in the corner of my mouth and accused me having oral sex the night before and not washing my mouth. That tall thin IT guy took me aside. He had the most gentle eyes and I really liked him a lot. He asked me point blank if I was dealing with any sort of inappropriate behavior and he would like to help if that was the case. He already new it was a problem; he witnessed some of it. I tried to talk to the President of Sales. As happens so often in so many offices across the country, he said he'd talk to the guy but there wasn't anything he could do. It was a he said/she said thing.At that point I was too tired and had encountered so much rage after telling the truth from both male managers and the men I was victimized by that I just couldn't pursue it. The men who were spoken to would walk by my desk and say things like "Oh, I don't know if I should talk to you anymore. I don't want to say anything that will offend you..." Jerks.Back to the IT guy from the Northern CO print company,I had never met a safer man and we went out after my job was redundant Well, I have lived with him for 7 years now. We respect each other and it's still difficult for me to trust he won't start abusing me as other men in my life have.He's been great as I learn about respect for me and all women. He still has those kind eyes and I love him. We have traveled and had lots of fun just being together. I only hope more men like Steve come forward and do not turn the other way when they see these things happening to women at the work place. (or anyplace) Maybe one of my stories will resonate with one of you. I appreciate the opportunity to finally write my unfortunate past. I will never heal completely but I decided a long time ago I didn't want those bastards to take away my power and sexuality. I'm still in therapy at age 60; I'm still fighting for myself and learning to love myself. It has been a very long journey.I