I guess here we go... Here is my story, a story that affects my everyday life/me. It all started when I was 13-14 years of age. My grandma had started to develop Alzheimer’s a disease that would soon take away all her memory of things that went on. She would have memory of only the past. Me being me wanted to help, I decided that I would be the one who would give my grandma all the love and attention she needed when nobody else could/while they had to work and provide for their own household family. I started staying weeks at a time, I loved it. I loved staying with my grandma until I met a man, a man who completely changed me and my way of life. This man was an alcoholic, 40 years of age, a generally scary looking man. I thought to myself, hmm... I don’t know how to feel about him he looks like he’s up to know good, and that he was. He started coming around everyday, popping in for a visit. Soon those days turned into nights, this man started staying over night in the back room of my grandmas house. He’d made himself welcome in her home and I didn’t know what I could do about it. I felt there was nothing I could do, I tried to brush it off and tell myself it was nothing/it was ok. What a mistake. This man had made his way into my room and raped me. He did this multiple times and proceeded to tell me if I told he would kill himself. I couldn’t be the reason someone killed then selves I thought. I let this go on and said nothing. I had started to develop depression, I was so sad I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to tell someone, someone I could trust/someone who wouldn’t tell. I told someone very close to me that I needed to talk and made  him promise not to tell if I told him what was going on, he agreed. Not long after I had told him the home phone started ringing. I rushed and grabbed it before anyone else could. It was my dad, he wanted to know what was going on. All I could do was bawl, I couldn’t speak. He said Kylie is there something going on and the only word that I managed to get out was yes. My chest was tight, this man was standing in the kitchen door way staring at me and wanted to know what was going on. He was gonna rape me again that night and he said I was gonna like it. A lot of stuff happened that night, stuff I’m not gonna go into detail about because I don’t really wanna talk about it. But can I just say people who say it’ll get better it’ll be fine, how?!! I am 16 and still don’t know how to deal with it. I have anxiety,depression,And very bad paranoia at night. I get so scared sometimes that I start puking and shaking and wish I could just end it all by taking my own life. It’s not easy, and I just want to let anyone who thinks their going through this alone know their not. 