He was twice my age. His power was out and he needed a place to stay for the night. It was winter and it was cold. I talked to my BF a couple states away to see what he thought. We had all worked together over the summer. He said it was fine. When he came over he brought a gal of Captain. It was my fav so I drank. Alot. I was 18 and didn't  know when to stop... I had a rough childhood and I just knew I finally felt good when I drank. He came on me, I said no. He asked why but I was too drunk to protect myself. I lost respect for myself. Because I didnt fight back enough didn't think it was rape. I told my bf at the time what happened the next morning. I felt so ashamed but he knew I was takin advantage of. I no longer felt good in my once secure relationship. We broke up. I broke up with him because I did not feel good enough for him  anymore.Because I lost self respect and just trying to find someone I felt good enough with. I ended up in two abusive relationships before I finally picked myself up. I was too good for them but stuck around cause that made me good enough.Took a long time, but im finally happy. I had to finally put my  aside and realise, I am good enough. I desearved better and didn't have to settle for less then what I really wanted. I eventually did find what I was looking for and is every thing I need and more.I desearve to be happy. I am good enough. I am a survivor every single day.I survived this and many many more things before this insident as well as after. But without every  single bad thing that has  ever happend to me, I would have never met my husband now. Who is perfect for me. My daughter will never have to endure what I had to. I pray the Lord help her father and I protect her when we cannot. I pray the Lord forgive me for the things I will do if anyone ever dares to rob her of her happiness. I pray that  day will never be needed because  will help teach  us what we need for all the #notmetoo that will be in the future because of this movement. I pray for healing and for wisdom of all you other me too's. We have survived in silence and alone for too long.