I saw an article about Rose McGowan saying she had been slut-shamed over rape allegations.  I know exactly what she means, and I want to suggest we express the process in different terms so that the negative connotations reflect upon the person who engages in that behavior, and not the victims themselves.  I will never refer to myself as a slut.  People have hurled that term at me since I was 9 years old.  I didn't deserve it then and I don't deserve it now.  I virtually guarantee that few people on this thread have been in as many destructive and sexually exploitative relationships as I have unless they were trafficked, which is an even worse form of exploitation and abuse.  I do not consider myself to be promiscuous and I will never use that word either, or allown anyone else to apply that term to me or my behavior when I was younger because it implies a lack of values only and ignores the truth of an inability to protect oneself.  When I recognize how many times I was molested, date-raped, statutorily raped, and had my body penetrated with objects as a punishment for the purpose of making me more functional in a dysfunctional family system, I lost all sense of any kind of boundaries, much less a recognition that I had a right to establish them for myself.  Some of the most trusted people in my life used my body for their own purposes that interestingly never made me feel like I deserved abuse, yet rendered me completely incapable of actually avoiding abuse.  I have been treated despicably by the very people who set me up to accept this kind of behavior, who use my poor choices in partners as evidence of my worthlessness rather than a reflection of how I learned how to expect to be treated by other people from the exact same people who now blame me for gravitating toward the familiar.  It has taken me half a century to recognize how much ill will people I love have displayed toward me throughout life.  I have finally made the decision to to cease contact with them.  I love them and care about them and wish them no ill.  I hope for reconciliation, but at this point, I am uninterested in taking ANY steps toward that happening.  I can only speak for now, but I have total peace in my decision whether we are ever reunited again or not.  I do not miss the drama, the petty accusations, the competition, the sniping, the blaming, the character assassination.  It really has been horrible.  I made excuses for them repeatedly until I stopped attributing the goodwill I felt, and continue to feel, for them, and acknowledged the truth that they did not display these same qualities in their relationship with me.  I do not tolerate bad behavior from people anymore.  I choose to surround myself with loving, respectful people.  Setting standards for what we are willing to accept is a huge step, and a signficant step in the healing process.  Every one of us has the right to be treated with dignity, compassion and respect, and to refuse to keep company with people who fail to meet those standards.  Our first responsibility is to ourselves and our own well being.  When we fill ourselves up with self-love and value and appreciate our own selves in the way we have sought to be treated by others, then our love will overflow and extend to every human on the planet, even if we cannot allow them in our presence for our own well-being.  It is not about revenge, accountability, power, etc.  It is about contentment, peace, and living a life according to one's own purpose and desires.  Peace and love to every person who has suffered and made a choice to seek recovery and health.