My story may not be as bad as some of the others here, but it has affected my whole life. First abuse was in elementary school by a fellow friend, who did a demeaning act on my private area. Made me feel like a second-class outsider. Later, I had to go through some medical treatment for a few years that did seem to promote some bullying but I was determined to change and be more outgoing. Unfortunately, my parent's friend believed it was an invitation to maul my breasts, among other things. I never told as it was a small community and a supposed family friend, though it did make me more weary, Including receiving a letter from an older man that my Dad befriended on a field trip. My parents encourage me to respond, as it was the proper thing to do, out of respect. I never did. I did meet a very caring husband, whose work took him away a lot so I was responsible for looking after all maintenance of the house. Part of this was the contract for the furnace. This service person became so friendly that he popped around the house unexpectedly. Thinking he was interested in a private business that we were building at the time, I invited him in to discuss business though I later found out it was another business he had in mind, when he forced me to kiss him while mauling me, with my young children in the other room. I managed to force him out the door and cancelled that contract. Another time was when I was volunteering with the police departments and going to various workshops and conferences. At one conference, one officer cornered me in a closed doorway, and again, mauled me trying to get me to go to his room. Luckily, another friend came by and I was able to escape that situation. The last demeaning act was when I was working customer service and one customer kept coming in making comments like I and his girlfriend were slaves, among other things. Again, I was lucky to have a supportive manager, who was willing to be present whenever this customer came in and basically told him to take a hike that his business was not welcomed. All this over a 50 year period, but this and my medical treatment left me with low self-esteem hidden deep down that I try to cover up. Thankfully, I have a good family and good support, though the past does pop up ever now and then, bringing back the depression.