I have been hoping for a movement like this for a long time, and doubted it would be in my lifetime. I just decided to start a list of specific incidents and it took me like 2 minutes to come up with four in my adult life.After that I just kept remembering and writing it down. Most of these do not include incidents of inappropriate comments. Only ones where I was actually touched or grabbed. Here it is.  #WomenAreDoneWithTakingThisShitAt 20yrs old A man at a state employment office closed his office door then grabbed me and kissed me. I had my very first apartment by myself when I was 21, I didn't have a phone yet. Alone late at night and heard someone knock lightly on the door. When I looked out the little window on the door a guy was standing on the walk masturbating. I was terrified. I grabbed a broom started banging on the wall yelling at the neighbor to call the police but she didn't hear me or ignored me. Finally I opened the door and ran out yelling at him to get the fuck away and swinging that broom. he ran like hell then I went to a pay phone and called police. A few nights later a guy I was dating was there with me. I looked up and the same guy was looking in the window. The guy that was with me jumped up and ran to the door and chased him. When he came back he said he knew the guy from school. We both went to the police station and gave a report. The picked him up right away. Then I actually moved away and found out later that Bill had gone to court and testified against the guy and he had been convicted. I doubt he got much if any time, but it did get followed thru.When I was 23-24 I was stalked by a guy I had gone out with a few times then broke it off. He never threatened me physically but I was living in San Antonio at the time and I would be driving down the road and look in my mirror and he'd be right behind me. Or I'd come out of work and he was sitting across the parking lot waiting for me to come out. And constantly calling me both at work and home. I was staying with my brother and his family at the time and my brother and told him not to call me there. He had stopped doing so, but then they went out of town one day. I walked in the house from work and the phone was ringing. I picked up the phone and it was him. He knew they were gone and I was alone.At 25 I was returning to my apartment from the laundry room. I stopped to open a gate and a man came up behind me and fondled me and be for I could even react he ran. I never even saw his face.When I was 28 a man that I had been friendly with said he wanted to hug me, but when I gave him a hug he grabbed me and kissed me. He was a much older man and it was in the workplace but no on else was in the area.When I was 29 I had to travel on a long trip by bus. An older man with b/o sat next to me. I didn't protest because all seats were full. It was night and he pretended to nod off on my shoulder and fondled me.Also at 29 I was visiting New Orleans with a friend. At a restaurant my friend struck up a conversation with some guys at the next table. When we got up to leave they did as well and right in the middle of a crowded restaurant one of them fondled my butt. I was at a point then I was not going to take it quietly I figured if he was bold enough to do that there then he shouldn't mind me screaming at him that he had no right to touch me without invitation.That is as far as I've gotten written down. I am now 53.