I've been holding on too long from my experience with sexual assault/harrassment. Here's my story:I was 5 years old and I was at my grandmother's house on my day off from school. A cousin of mine (won't mention names) and I were watching TV like many people do. Then, my cousin wanted me to play "rollercoaster" with him. Then, the next thing I remember was when he pulled down his pants and exposed his penis to me that I froze in shock, confusion, and horror. I was afraid of what he was planning on doing next. So, what I did was that I told him not to do that that he decided not to violate me any further. I've never told ANYBODY in my family until now. But, the thing is that I actually forgave him. Luckily, he didn't do anything else, but being exposed like that was something that any child should NEVER experience. I forgive him so much 'cuz he's my cousin that I love very much. But, still, he had NO right to expose himself.Second, I was in high school Spanish class during my junior year when a friend of my best friend sexually harrassed me. He was sitting behind me and he would say stuff like "You're so hot" and "I wanna fuck you." The worst part was that I fell for it and was deeply confused. Next thing I remember, he put BOTH his hands underneath my behind and rubbed my shoulders. I regret not reporting it to the teacher and the principal, fearing that I would also lose my best friend. There was another time I was at my best friend's house when he randomly appeared and I didn't want him to be around me, but he resisted on coming, anyway. When the 3 of us sat outside the backyard, he asked me if I had sex recently and I uneasily answered no. Then, 15 minutes later, he was talking about how nice my behind looked. Suddenly, I got so furious at him for talking that kind of sick shit. Then, he made this ridiculous excuse by claiming it was a compliment and that he was drunk. I even told my friend on why she would be friends with that disgusting dildo. She replied by telling me that he was just being "friendly." Ever since that incident, I never saw him again and I hope it stays that way. I REALLY hate his guts so much! I'm glad that I've FINALLY got stuff out of my chest. It's not my fault for being violated. I just wanted to share my experience with sexual harrassment/assault. To those who went though such things like that, do NOT blame yourselves. You are beautiful inside and out. Don't forget that!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤