Thank you for the add. I will start with the beginning of the worse 8 years. I was 16 when I met the man that had become a haunting image forever burned in my mind. He seemed so nice and normal but had that bad boy bone that I was attracted to. I only hung out with him for a short time then found another man that I was with for a year and was engaged to that whole year. I know quick to jump into it. Well I left him to be with the man that is the monster I have nightmares about. We were together 5 months then got pregnant with our beautiful son. We got married when our son was only 6 months old. But before we even got married the nightmare began. I was only about a two months pregnant when he attempted to rape me. He told me he was going to rape me like his brother does. Well we were in his moms driveway in our white Honda we has. Luckily he was to drunk to realize he was not in my private and his private was on my stomach. Well we went inside and went to bed. Well the next morning he had forced sex with me. He was so angry with me and so rough. I wanted to scream but I thought his mom and his brothers girlfriend would think I did something to provoke him or it was my fault cause I wasn't giving it enough and I was afraid of what he would have done. It didn't stop their he would have sex with me while I was sleeping. I would wake up with my panties off and it would be wet and gross feeling in my private. Well over time we moved to Alaska when our son was 2 and we got pregnant again and I found out at 3 weeks the baby didn't make it cause one day our son was playing and he wanted to have sex well I was on my side I started getting sharp pains and was saying ouch and he just wouldn't stop. Well I lost the baby at 5 weeks and didn't know till I was 6 weeks when they confirmed through a ultrasound. That was the hardest day. After that we stayed there for a year then moved back. After we were back for a month or so we found out I was pregnant again. We were so happy but it wasn't an easy pregnancy at all. To add to that he still was always so horny all the time and I wasn't so many times he was forcefull. One time I told him to stop and was crying cause I was 7 months pregnant and I was having contractions and he wouldn't stop till he was done. He said he didn't know I was crying and he didn't hear me say stop. Which is bull. I got in the shower and calmed down and they stopped. The abuse never stopped it got more and more with each day. He would take my clothes off when I was sleeping and continue to have his way. A few times i would wrap my legs like a pretzel and help them tight togther and he still was forceful. It didn't stop. He was a drug addict took our kids money from their piggy banks and say he will pay it back but never did. He would take my car all my money and disappear for days. It was me and the kids. I didn't trust him to have the kids by himself. Especially our daughter. When she was a baby she had to have suppositories and he got so upset with me cause he wanted to do it. And always wanted just her instead of both of them. Finally after years of abuse and taking everything from me except our kids I kicked him out May 5, 2015 and got a divorce. It was finalized October 5, 2015.  He got married to another woman the next month and had a daughter in April 2016 two days before our daughters 3rd birthday. I happily moved on I've been with my fiancee since June 2015 and we will be getting married in July 2018. He's the total opposite. Weird still to this day being in a healthy relationship but so nice. However their real dad has always been in and out and this time we haven't heard from him since December 23rd 2016. This is the longest usually it was just a few days then a month now it's almost a year. It's been nice not having to see him in person but he still haunts my life with the things he said and did. It comes up in my relationship a lot. Just a small triger turns into world war 4 in my head. I got PTSD,Anxiety, Depression from all of this. I have my strong and week points but would like to learn how to deal with the flashbacks and the anger that has arised as well. Thank you for letting me share.