Has anyone ever been too scared of hate to leave home? (I wrote a novel with this title). On another subject:My articles blog is at: http://anne-hart-writes.blogspot.com/2017/10/when-employees-were-told-to-color-code.html?view=classicWhen employees were told to color-code the files of a private staffing agency's walk-in female job applicants by their beauty, appearance, and age.In the early 1970s I worked in staffing at an employment agency interviewing job applicants before they were sent out to interview for jobs. We had little color codes that we were ordered to put on the applications of those who came in looking for work.The 'boss' told us not to send out to interview for secretarial jobs the female applicants who had stated on their applications that they were "age 34" or over because that was too old (for staffing to send out to employers). We also were told only to send out 'ugly' females for clerical, typing, and secretarial jobs to one company because the woman who hires there only hires 'ugly' women (the boss told us only to send women that the particular manager at that one company considers 'uglier' than herself (because the interviewer is an 'ugly' middle-aged woman).I only can speak about the 'rules' for female walk-in job applicants, as I was not told to color code the very few males who applied for clerical office work that I interviewed in the short time I worked there. At first the employment services staff didn’t know that previously I had worked for that same so-called 'ugly' woman. I was a new staffing services employee whose job was to interview applicants. When I announced..."Hey, I used to work as a typist for that company," the staff at the employment agency had a bout of laughing out loud.Interestingly, it was around 1973, I had a college degree in English, was eventually working on my M.A. in English/creative writing, and realized, the woman who was hiring only 'ugly' women, as they put it, actually had been hiring younger women who looked very much like she looked, not 'ugly,' simply someone with similar looks and hair color. It was all about what that employer perceived herself looking like and didn't want someone with (as the staffers put it) more 'photographable' faces than what she thought she had.The 'boss' also commented on my waist size when I was interviewed. "Gee, you have such a tiny waist for someone with two children," he grinned. "I hope you won't get 'preggers' and quit if I hire you." Needless to say, I didn't work in staffing long because of the way the company color coded women according to age and appearance. Nothing was mentioned about race, just age and whether they were ugly or pretty.The older female job applicants weren't sent out on clerical or secretarial jobs. The agency interviewed applicants mainly for office jobs such as typing, shorthand, and bookkeeping skills.It was an eye-opening experience to work in staffing where people were coded with different color dots on their records representing age and beauty according to the boss's standards. Just glad to finally have earned my M.A. degree and left for a different career in freelance writing and later adjunct part-time college teaching in professional writing skills until I retired in 2004.