My story. I was molested as a child by 2 cousins , there were games we played,  they were 5 and 6 yrs older than me. I have vivid memories of laying beneath my cousin as he panted and sweated all over me while moving around on top of me, this was set to a timer to see how long I could handle it. I couldn't breath. I was so hot and I remember my leg and tummy getting wet. I was 6 or 7. There was no safe place at their house. Or in the fort we played in. It was always a sexual game.  I knew in movies people kissed and layed on top of each other and had a baby,  at age 6 I thought I could have a baby due you what was happening,  not knowing how babies were made at such a young age.  I waited in fear watching my tummy. Thinking the worst.  This continued on throughout my entire childhood,  we'll into my teen years,   kissing grabbing fondling and oral sex. I would prepare myself thinking I wanted the attention,  knowing I was an easy target,  any dark room,  any chance they got.   I never told . Years later one of them apologized to me, and then told me he chose  me because he knew my father wouldn't do anything,  he wasn't scared of him they way he was another uncle. He left my cousin alone,  terrified of her father! This has shaped my entire view of men, I'm scared of any affection towards my daughter from men, I worry all the time I'm missing something.  I think so poorly if myself,  I've put up with 2 abusive men in my life and I really think I'm better off alone,  as these thoughts and fears never leave me .  I don't know what normal fatherly affection looks like, my dad is very reserved and not outwardly affectionate at all, so I have no basis of that pure parental love to hold up as the example . I've been in therapy 3 times and I hope I feel more whole sharing my experience here,  I hope it helps with the healing process.   My 2 cousins are heros in my family and I'm the one that can't get it together in life in their eyes. My sister was also a victim but refers to in as childhood curiosity.  Still sees both of them at family gatherings. I can't.    Anyway.  That's most of it. It feels good to at least get out that much .   Thank you for allowing me to be part of this group.   Sending love and light to everyone