This might sound like a stupid question, but if you carry on sleeping with someone after they raped you, is it really rape? My me too story, I still can't really get my head around it. I need to share it just to find out if what happened was rape, and was it my fault...I stupidly got involved with someone I shouldn't, ten years ago. Now, free and within my right mind, I know that he was manipulative, probably suffered with narcissistic personality disorder, was more than likely a sociopath who wrapped me round his little finger and took complete control of my mind and my body. He hurt me in sexual ways as well as emotional ways and yet I obsessively clung to him like he was more precious than oxygen.We weren't in a relationship and he didn't love me (or even care for me), and I told myself that it was just a bit of fun and I'd not get attached. But obviously, I did.Every time we were together, he did things to me I didn't like and didn't want, and most of the time I just let him because I was desperately obsessed and just to have him in bed with me was enough to make me put up with the bad stuff. But sometimes I said no. He would force me anyway. He would physically restrain me and make me do what he wanted, even if I struggled, begged and sometimes blead. And every time I'd dismiss it and let him convince me what we'd just done was kinky and fun and i'd push it away and bury it.But one time...he wanted to tie me up. He assured me he'd stop if I got scared, so I agreed. Only he didn't stop. He immediately began to use force and I didn't like it. I asked him to stop, I begged him to stop, I began to cry and he wiped the tears off my face and laughed at me. I even tried to fight him off me, but my hands were tied behind my back and he was too strong. I was in agony and I was terrified. All I could do was go limp and hope it would soon be over. But when I stopped crying and struggling, he must have not liked that, because he then flipped me on my back and sat on my chest. He forced himself in my mouth  (I still panic now if someone gets in my face and I can't move).I started panicking again then and tried to fight him off again. I couldn't breathe and it was horrifying!I seem to remember him untying me after a while and finishing in the traditional way. And he held me and kissed me and told me I'm a good girl and that what we'd just done was so kinky and he'd never had a lover as good as me and all that...and in my submissive, mentally tortured state, I let him convince me that what we'd done had been consensual and fun.I carried on sleeping with him for some time, although he never did that to me again.I would say he mentally tortured me over three years. But was this rape? I went back again and again and I know that would never stand up in court. I didn't even entertain the notion it could have been rape until over a year after I was free of him and telling a friend about what he'd done! I was so manipulated I couldn't see what he'd done for a long time after.I'm with a good man now, but what happened to me is still torturing me. But I know it was my fault because I shouldn't have been with him and I shouldn't have carried on after that. But was it rape?