I am fortunate to have a blessed life full of wonderful experiences, great friends and family. I am deliriously happy with my loving husband Mack. My relationships with men are overwhelmingly positive. Yet, I have experienced my own share of sexual assaults and poor treatment. Here are some of them:-Madrid, Spain 1957 My younger brother and I were being watched by a housemaid when her boyfriend arrived. At one point, while looking at me, he began to touch himself and laugh. He later threw my little brother into the swimming pool and put his foot on his head while laughing and said if I didn’t swim over and save my brother he was going to drown him. I did not know how to swim but was able to dog paddle over and get my brother out of the pool. I don’t know how I did it.- Alcalá de Henares, Spain 1958 while playing in the courtyard of a friend’s house her grandfather picked her up right in front of me, turned her upside down so that her dress fell back, moved her panties and began to lick her vagina with his tongue while laughing.-Almost a total loss of memory for a period running from 1959 to 1962 that was caused by something but I don’t know what.-Fort Worth, Texas 1962 The father of my friend next door tried to pull my pants down and spank me one morning while she and I were watching cartoons at her house.-Mansfield, Texas 1966 A boyfriend tried to force me to have sex with him behind the school but I punched him in the throat and got away. He still passed the rumor around that I had let him do whatever he wanted. -Summer 1969 I witnessed a pre-teen female cousin being sexually assaulted by a well-liked older uncle. I was just a kid. Fortunately, my father and mother believed me when I told them but they didn’t appreciate being told about it. Nothing was ever done to help the girl as far as I know. That same summer while visiting a favorite cousin she advised me that her older brother frequently paid her visits at night and felt of her body. She said she managed to handle it by pretending to be asleep. Since I was staying in her room with her she advised me to do the same if he came in and tried to feel of me. “Just pretend you are sleeping and everything will be okay.” (I told her that if he came and tried to touch me I would break his arm and that I would by no means stay quiet about it.)-Majorca, Spain 1970 My mother and I are sexually assaulted in broad daylight in an area of a public beach by 2 Spanish males who came up to us, began swimming nearby and then sat down on large rocks in front of us, removed their swimsuits and began masturbating and smiling at us.-From 1971 through 1979 First off, I didn’t marry until a few years ago. Back then I was a coed working my way through college. I went on a reasonable number of conventional dates. Most were great experiences. But during that time several dates attempted to force me to have sex with them against my will. All of these guys were seeming nice guys from good families who went to school and/or held down jobs and in every way looked on the outside like normal everyday decent guys. Some were so insistent that they strong-armed me into having sex with them against my will in what is now called “date rape”. -Dallas, Texas 1972-76 Jobs were usually found through the classified ads in town newspapers throughout the U.S. A typical ad regardless of the type of job would read: Office Clerk Wanted. Must type 40 wpm. ONLY Attractive White Female 18-23 years old Height/Weight proportionate need apply.-Keesler Air Force Base, Biloxi, Mississippi 1973 I was raped by two unknown men on my way to visit the dorm of a girl friend. It was around 7 pm at night with other people not far away. I was advised not to report it and nothing was ever done about it even though there was a rash of rapes going on at the base during that time.-Richardson, Texas 1979 My postman was delivering the mail in the freezing snow. I had often spoken to him. On this day I had been making bread and had just brewed some tea. I invited him in for a second to have a warm ‘cuppa’ but when I turn to go back to the kitchen he grabbed me a pulled me to him trying to push me to the ground. With my free right hand I grabbed a giant butcher knife and pushed it under his throat. Looking into his eyes I just said: “let’s do this”. He screamed and ran out the door. I tried to report him to the police. They referred me to the Postmaster General. They sent 2 investigators who seemed to be enjoying themselves quite a lot asking me to re-enact what occurred as they challenged me at every turn about why I did what I did etc. I learned later that he was not prosecuted or fired but merely assigned to a different zip code. I also learned from the apartment management that the same postman had assaulted over 7 women in my complex alone.-Dallas, Texas 1979 Right after graduating from university I was starry eyed and optimistic about my future. I approached a company I was particularly interested in working for and set up an interview. But after meeting with the CEO for only a few minutes my prospective employer came around his desk and sat down next to me. He placed his hand on my knee and said I should give up this whole idea of career hunting. He said for the same salary I was asking he would set me up in an apartment, give me a new car and pay me the same amount of money. My face was beet red trying to get back to my car and hold back tears of shame and dismay.-Dallas, Texas 1984 A former college professor of mine gave me a lift to my bank when my car was in the shop. As we rode along talking about ordinary things I happened to look in his direction and saw that he had taken out his penis while driving and was masturbating and smiling at me. I told him he better put that “thing” away before we had a wreck. I managed to get away without further incident by pretending that nothing out of the ordinary had happened. It was very disturbing.-San Antonio, Texas 1992 I was working in sales and renting an apartment from an older man whom I knew through my job. It was a temporary arrangement. I was getting ready to move to Dallas the next day when the man knocked on my door. We often talked so I let him in. But he suddenly grabbed me and threw me to the ground. His strength was amazing. Though I tried hard to fight him off he raped me. I never told anyone about it and got away that very night.I have written about these experiences as way to sort of chronicle what has happened to me over the years in this regard. It is very personal. But I must tell you that there are still some things that have happened to me that I cannot bring myself to share.I firmly believe that was I to have felt empowered to say no from a young age it could have prevented many of my problems with men especially when it comes to the date rape issue. So many young people male and female come into adulthood not knowing how to say no and feel okay about it.