I was in the navy,  he was one of my first "friends" i made when i got to my duty station. Him and a group of 3 other guys. It wasn't easy to make friends at first and since the navy especially at the time was mostly men, all my friends were men. This was in 2005, i was 18 years old. Going off of what i still remember,  they bought beers,  I think it was my first time ever drinking beer. I i dont know how many i had with them but it couldn't have been too many. Anyway, i have always been into art and drawing and somehow it came up and they asked me to go get my art from my barracks room and bring it to one of theirs to hang out and look through it. We did not look through it. I dont remember how i ended up in his bed. But it was like i was frozen. I realized there was another guy facing the bed sitting in a chair, rubbing himself and watching me. I did not know this man. Never seen him before. But he began masturbating while my "friend" was rubbing down on me. Eventually, he was having sex with me. He would pull himself out and shove his penis in my face,  rubbing it in my mouth and telling me nasty things. He flipped me over and proceeded to try to get me from behind. He went in for the other hole and i just laid there,  seeing this stranger masturbating to it,  getting used like this, and for some reason i couldnt get away. As he started to push his way in, it hurt so bad. I finally out of nowhere managed to say to stop, it was the strangest thing. I could move suddenly. I told him i didnt want to do that, i got my clothes on,  grabbed my art and walked back to my room. It was on the other side of the base, it was dark and cold, nobody was out from what i could tell. I got to my room and just sat there stairing. I did this for a while everyday after work, trying to figure out what happened to me. What to call it. I always thought rape was violent and the woman had to say no, even when i couldnt i just felt it was my fault. I didnt say no.I never saw either of them again. I still have no clue who the other guy was. This was just one of my experiences, but the worst one. There was a lot of harrassment and innapropiate touching while i finished up my time there. Not once did i report any of my instances. I wish i had.