This is just one of my experiences. There are others, but for today, I will share just one. I was a Hospital Corpsman in The U.S. Navy. In the late 70's and into the 80's sexual harassment was the norm for women serving in the military. But sexual assault was also common and reporting it was not only discouraged, it often made a bad situation worse for the victim. I was assigned to work in the primary care clinic in the Navy hospital at Camp Pendleton in California. I had an ongoing problem with a male co-worker who was constantly making inappropriate remarks about my body and lewd suggestions. I reported him several times to both my CO and the captain in charge of the clinic. Finally, I was reassigned. A few weeks later, one of my friends who was getting discharged from The Navy had a party at a house off base. I excepted an invitation from a colleague to be his date for the party. We were at the party for about an hour when my date said he wanted to leave. I told him I wanted to stay and he left without me. Shortly after that, I noticed that the man who had been harassing at my job had arrived at the party. I stayed away from him and made small talk with other guests. I did not have much to drink that night, but I do not remember what happened next. I woke up at dawn on the living room floor with my face in the shag carpeting. Before I even opened my eyes I was aware of an excruciating pain in the back of my  head. I rolled over to sit up and saw that the inside seam of my pants was ripped from my knee all the way up to my crotch and down the other side to my other knee. My underwear were ripped out at the crotch. There was no one else in the living room and the bedroom doors were closed. I found my purse and my jacket, which I tied around my waist since my pants were wide open at the seam and my underwear was hanging out. I walked out of the house and after more than an hour of wondering through the sub division, made my way to a main road. The pain in my head was excruciating. Several times I stopped to vomit. I know I had been drugged that night. When I finally got to a grocery store, I called a cab ( it was the eighties, no cell phones). When I made it back to my barracks I got undressed and that's when I saw the bruises on the inside of my thighs. They were in the form of fingerprints down my legs, where they had been forced apart. I could spread my fingers and line them up perfectly with the bruises. There were scratches on my breasts. I have no memory of the rape. I have no idea how many men were involved. Except one man. My tormentor at my duty station went out of his way several times to point at me and whisper in the ears of other men when ever I saw him. In the mess hall. In the hallway. At the barracks.  He would smirk at me and I knew, I just knew, he was the one that drugged and raped me. Other men would smile and laugh, looking at me like I was an object. It was humiliating. But I never reported it. I didn't think it would matter. I guess I felt like I didn't matter. I am much older now. I know my value as a woman and as human being. If I could go back and tell my younger self one thing, it would be "You Matter. Don't ever let anyone make you feel like you don't matter".