I have been and tried to be supportive but started to realize I haven't shared my story. Well, one of them anyway. I was so happy to see others sharing that I didn't realize the toll it would take on me personally. When I was 7 years old, myself and my younger brothers would go to a sitters house while my Mom worked. I remember playing outside and loving the yard because there was a huge tree to play under. I don't remember how long we had been going to this sitter but because my Mom worked night shifts, the sitter would bathe us. I was in the bathtub and the sitters husband came in and told me not to look he had to use the bathroom. After he was done he went over to the sink and I remember him being so nice and getting me to get out of the water and come over to him. I remember the bathroom was that puke ugly green color and that the next thing I knew he was trying to rape me. Of course I didn't know that was what he was doing, but when I started crying he stopped and swore me to secrecy. It was so hard to even think about this again. I did report to the local authorities around 25 years after it happened. They found him by the name I gave them and asked for me to fill out a report. Although the statute of limitations had run out, I could be called to testify if someone else was assaulted. I never could bring myself to fill out the report. I guess that haunts me even today. Not knowing if I could have stopped him from hurting someone else. I also have thought a lot about his daughter. He had a little girl and his wife was pregnant at the time. I hope and pray he never hurt them like he did me. I still struggle with this horrific experience EVERYDAY. It was the foundation for all the abuse that was to come. Does anyone else ever feel like if it hadn't happened the first time then maybe the rest wouldn't have either? And tied to this pain is the knowledge that if my sperm donor(Dad) had been at home with us instead of partying while my Mom was working, would this have even happened? It wouldn't be the first time he put me in a situation that ended in sexual violence.