The following is not meant to hurt anyone or to gain sympathy. It is something that I have needed to do for a very long time as part of my healing process. I hope it helps someone else even if it is just 1 person. Please come forward, tell us your story., and 3, and 4, and 5, and so on.Some of you know of my story but many of you don’t. This has been a letter in the making for 9 months. I’ve wrote it over and over in my head but never worked up the courage to put it on paper, because somehow it makes it more real. And reliving the events isn’t something I want to do. But the truth is that I relive these events everyday. They affect every decision I make in one way or another. I will not use names or relationships and I will try not to go into to much detail, because these people do not deserve the recognition.Lesson 1:  Let me take you back to a bubbly blonde 9 year old girl. I wasn’t afraid of anything, everyone was my friend. I had on a New Kids On The Block t-shirt that was 20x’s too big, my nightgown. A visitor was over that we have never met before. He gave us a weird vibe and something just wasn’t right. Everyone went to bed except you. You came into my room and carried me into another. You had a towel laid out on the bed. I was still half asleep and not sure what was going on. When I tried to speak you covered my mouth and told me that if I made one sound or ever told anyone that you would kill my family. I laid there as still and quiet as I could. Crying without making a sound. It became clear shortly after you began what the towel was for. When you were done you cleaned yourself and me up told me to go back to bed and you left taking the towel with you to hide the blood. I never saw you again, at least in person anyways. You haunted my dreams though. I silently cried myself to sleep that night asking myself what I did to make that happen. I know now that you taught me a lesson. You taught me that I am willing to do anything and endure anything to protect those that I love.Lesson 2: Jump ahead 2 years. Summer has always been my favorite season. Playing in the sun and water is where I lived. Do you remember the snake game? The one where you all stand in a line and the last person has to swim under all of your legs in 1 breathe? Well I do, except the version I remember is when you would pull your pants down and rub your private on us as you went through. It wasn’t till 3-4 years later that I learned you weren’t doing it to just me but to all the girls we played with. And funny enough we started talking about it while playing the game with you while you were under water. We also discovered that you liked to try and put your hands in our bathing suits while we were driving the jetski or randomly flash us during a shower. Though you were never really physical it still left an impression. You also taught me something. That I can never trust anyone even if I know them closely. And you instilled in me that sex is all that I was good for and that it was ok to let men treat me this way.Lesson 3:  When I was 13, in the middle of all the water games, I liked to go on walks and think when I couldn’t sleep. And at the time that was all the time. One particular night I noticed a street light out and a Green car underneath it. I didn’t think anything of it as that car is always there. While walking by you grabbed me and pulled me into the vehicle. It became clear that you were messed up on something, as you couldn’t complete a coherent sentence and were sweating profusely. I tried to fight you off and tell you to stop but you couldn’t hear me and you were way stronger than me. I gave up. I just laid there until you were done and then I walked back home. Climbed through the window I had snuck out of and took a long hot shower sitting and crying as the water fell on top of me. You helped solidify the idea I had about myself; that all I was good for was sex.My teenage years were not good. I acted out, did drugs, slept around a lot, and did not care who I hurt in the process. When I had my daughter at 20 is when I started trying to turn my life around. From the moment I found out I was pregnant it was like a switch.Lesson 4: In September 2008, right after Ike, I stopped at raceway on my way home from work for cigarettes. Before I could even make it out of my truck 2 guys jumped me. One came through the passenger door and the other through the driver door. I fought and screamed and kicked and scratched to no prevail. The guy in the passenger seat held a knife to my throat while the other ripped my shirt, pulled my skirt up and cut my panties with his knife. I just closed my eyes as tight as I could crying and praying for it you be over soon. When it was all over I closed my door and drove home to my empty apartment with no electricity. You 2 have taught me to always pay close attention to your surroundings and to never trust anyone to save you. The worker at raceway saw the whole thing and did nothing. I went back the next day and asked to see the camera footage, but was told that the cameras were not working because of ike.There are many other inexcusable cases, such as being grabbed randomly by a Chinese guy in the aquarium at the zoo. At first I thought he just accidently brushed up against my boob but when he came back around and grabbed my vagina I knew it was no accident. These things happen everyday right under our noses. It gets ignored and brushed off like it is just a small thing. But all these small things add up. If we keep down playing this behavior when will it ever stop?I am very protective of my children. They know not to ask me to go anywhere in public. One will get excited about something and ask then another will pipe up and say, “No we can’t go. Mom hates people.” It’s sad. I hate that I have turned into this. If, and when, we do go in public I have major panic attacks and constantly count their heads. 1, 2, 3, 4, 1,2, 3, 4 over and over. I have grabbed all 4 of them and pulled them off to the side at the renaissance festival because I saw a huge group of people coming and thrown up in a trash can all while counting them. I am trying to get better about it and think that I have made some improvements. All thanks to counseling, my psychiatrist and medication. But my husband and family are my biggest help, because without them I am nothing.I hope that my story will encourage you to tell your story. Everyone needs to be heard. Everyone needs to understand. And everyone can be the solution.