 I lived, like a child, in a home with alcohol and violence. I experienced that I was often not allowed to come home. They locked me out of my home, my mother and my stepfather. I had to find other places to sleep. I used to ask my friends if I could sleep over. I also slept in different basements og om a bud om different attics. Sometimes I had to sleep outside. I got friends that were of the hard types. They said they would take care of me. But they were young boys with hormones and power, so when I was 15, I found that 7 of them abused me on the same evening When I was 15/16, I had moved to a foster home. There began the a foster father to .com in to me at night. He "just" stroked my legs and thighs. I was afraid to say something. And pretend I was sleeping. afraid to be thrown out of the cold and to live out again. It happened 6-7 times before I had to tell my then boyfriend about this. I had then tried to take my life with an overdose pill. He moved me home to his parents. When I was 20, I had a party with my two girlfriends - we lived together in the same house. I fell asleep in my bedroom and woke up with a man inside me. which resulted in a pregnancy. I did not report any of the events because I thought this happened because I did not have integrity. I felt worthless and thought I deserved it. I grew up in conditions that were destructive. I was nothing. said little and smiled a lot. afraid of confrontations. 5 years ago I wrote a mini-autobiography, which I published on Facebook. After a while, I was called by the police, who told me I should delete the story. This because the daughter of my foster father and he who made me pregnant was at the police station to report me. Since I had never reported the events, and thus did not have evidence, I would not like to deal with the actual assaults, but about this I had posted this story on a public page, like facebook. I took it away. Now I put this out here in this group. but watch out! Everyone must be prepared to receive threats or reviews. There are evil people out there .... I take up the fight for justice and openness. Because I'm no longer zero.