 story: my 1st time of many different situations: I was 9 or 10 yrs old, I became friendly with one of my neighbors granddaughters, she lived 40 miles away so one weekend I was allowed to have a sleepover at her house. We were both sleeping in the pull out bed in the basement. Her father was very strict & my friend was afraid of him. When we heard him coming down the stairs we pretended to be asleep. He proceeded to come to my side of the bed and sat down. He took my hand and put it on his penis. I knew it wasnt right, I tried to nudge my girlfriend (his daughter!!) but she actually fell  asleep!! Eventually I started to wiggle like I was waking up and scared him away. Mind you  before this day he would play hid & seek in the dark at his mother in laws house and grope my breasts. BUT my story really starts here: Next day I told my friend, she didn't believe me, she ran and told her parents. HE proceeded to yell at me in front of my girlfriend and his wife how I was making up lies and that if I continued I would go to jail. They just stood there and said nothing. I went home and never told a soul, not even my mother. 40 years later I committed to write a chapter in a book called "Transformations for Women" and while I was deciding to figure out what to write, my girlfriend found me on FB and sent me a message, about it's been 25 yrs since we spoke how was everything. It made me realize that God wanted me to write about this story, so we connected and at the end of catch up, I blindsided her and asked her about that night. She told me that she struggled with it her whole life, her parents divorced and when she was older, her mother told her that secretly she believed me! It was so releasing to heat that and I knew why even though i didn't see myself as a writer I was being called to do so. I found healing without writing one word! God works in miracles! It ultimately lead me to do the work I do today. I facilitate Women's Circles where we get to be seen, heard, respected & loved. As a coach, I never considered myself a healer but with these circles women find their calm confidence to speak truth and use their voice. I am not allowed to post any links but if you are curious to know, private message me. Thanks for letting me share in a public forum. From 10-16 I had too many situations involving, my ex-brother-in-law, my next door neighbor, a school friends grandfather and then I worked on Wall St at a high level...need I say more... PS. I was never a man hater nor basher, I became a women empowerment person. With Love & Peace