I wasn't going to post anything other than  at first, but I'd like to chip in a bit more. I have a few stories that are relevant but the one I'm willing to share publicly is this:2013, deployed at sea. I was working in the mess decks/galley at that time. My LPO (supervisor) seemed like a cool dude at first. He had a sense of humor, he wasn't super strict most of the time, wife and two kids back home. I didn't mind working for him. Then the comments started. And the blatent, head tilted, staring at my breasts while I tried to talk to him about work related issues. And then came the suggestions that we could get away with "it" after I was promoted to E-4 because he was an E-5 and it wouldn't technically be fraternizing (but really it still would be). There was hardly a conversation with him that didn't somehow turn to him being a total creep. I denied his advances but to no avail. I started talking to my peers about it. My other co-workers were all males but they too were being harassed and assaulted by him. When they sat at the tables with conjoined benches, he would prop one leg on the bar and rest his genitals on their backs. The first time, we laughed. Fuck it, we were in the military. We have crude humor. But then it became a daily thing, several times a day. We told him to stop. He didn't. Even when the guys would be obviously angry about it. He even went so far as to grab a male sailors crotch as they passed by each other in a doorway. I talked to more females who worked the mess decks in other areas. I wasn't the only woman he had made comments to. There were so many. So many other women told me he said the same things to them. Why? Why didn't anyone say anything? This had been going on for so long. Snitches get stitches. Nobody wanted to be the tattle tale. We are conditioned from a young age to suck it up, ignore it, pretend it doesn't actually matter. All because nobody likes a tattle tale. Not only does that idea foster bullies, it fosters sexual abusers and harassers. Hell, it took me weeks to report him and I wouldn't even do it face to face... I had a male friend leave a comment card that I had written in my female master cheif's mail box. The next day everything exploded. I was brought in for questioning. God, I was so nervous. Would they believe me? Was what he was doing enough for them to take action? I hardly worked the next few days because I had to tell so many different people what was happening.It turns out that it was enough to take action. He was off the ship in 2 weeks, and when you're at sea, that's a really impressive feat. I'm proud of how my chain of command responded. NOT ONCE DID ANYONE ASK ME IF I BROUHT IT ON! But that is not the case for many women and men who are assaulted or harrased. That's why I was scared to speak up. Rape culture is not something that liberal feminists made up. All of this happened in plain sight. But my chain of command was oblivious until I spoke out. We need to stand together against this kind of behavior. So please, if you see something, say something. The victim might not be able to stand alone.