 My name is Amanda and im 21. I work two jobs. One is during the day at a gas station and one is at night at a grocery store. Customers can be so disgusting. Old men telling me they'd like to take me home or telling me I'd make a good house wife. Just little slips or disturbing things to make your skin crawl.Working the night shift I had three guys come in at surround me at work. The leader, I guess, started talking to me like "hey baby" and "I had a wet dream about you last night. Wanna hear it?" I was alone. No one to help me and I was scared. I said no and found a break away point were I could get to the back. Everytime i see a group of men at work I try to get somewhere else. Somewhere were they can't get me. The fear is real and it's not outside on the street or at a bar. It's at work. At a grocery store. So everyone saying that the place you are at causes fear has no grounds. One of the janitors at my night shift job was very disgusting to. He's make comments about sex jokes or anything innaproriate. I didn't say anything for awhile. Then he started harassing the other young girls at my work too. He's take pictures of them. To one of the girls he even said that she'd look better if she was naked. Like what do you even say to that? Me and some of the girls he was harassing banned together and told our story to many managers. One of the managers went back and told the guy that he couldn't say those things and then told him who we were. We felt like we had a target on our back. Scared about being alone at night. The janitors remakes only got worse. He told another male coworker that he bet I taste like strawberries. I assume he thought it was funny do to my strawberry blind hair. The male coworker was disgusted. He told me and helped file another complaint. We finally got a manager who would listen and report the events officially to HR. The janitor was fired. It took two years for someone to listen. Let's talk about just going out to get food at taco bell. My friend dropped some taco on her leg and it was summer so she was in shorts, only about 16 at the time. A man sitting a table away leaned over and said "why don't you have your boyfriend lick that up" There were no guys there. She didn't even have a boyfriend at that time. She felt uncomfortable and left shortly after. How about at my gas station job guys will come in asking to take me home with them. How do you respond? No thank you. And then they get mad like why wouldn't you. This isn't something happening every now and then. It's almost every day. I'm lucky enough that I have some coworkers who look out for me but when I'm alone I really feel it. Thank you for listening to my story.