It's two a.m. and I'm seventeen; two days before graduation, just walking home from work. I consider taking a shortcut but know not to walk in the dark, so I stay in the light, I stay in the light, but in the light I can feel him watching me as I try to navigate home. I can feel him watching me and there's no escape. No matter what I do. I'm all alone on this road. My intuition is confirmed when I hear his footfalls coming closer behind me and I try to just be but soon we're walking in tandem and then he's walking right next to me. My thoughts are chanting, "I'm falling prey, I'm falling prey," I can only pray that he isn't after me as he walks in faster unison; in unison with me. My first mistake comes when I try to be polite since making conversation does little to delay my plight. The weather and wellness are far from his mind as his left hand hand grabs the nape of my neck and the other brings a knife to my throat's lifeline. He tells me what he wants and his words stir like a dark spell in my mind. He tells me what he wants and I try to negotiate and be polite, be polite, My God, I'm being fucking polite while he guides me deeper into the nightmare limelight. Our scuffle finds the center of the street and I can see the dark ditch where my ruin awaits. It awaits. At knifepoint. At knifepoint. I'm being led to my demise at fucking knifepoint. Lost. Bewildered. And scared. I'm only getting deeper into his zone. And then at the bottom of the road, there's a glimmer, a glimmer, a mere little shimmer of hope. The skin of police cruiser comes into the light and slowly coasts on by. We both stop struggling and stand in stillness staring at the bottom of the road. In the middle of the street under the glow of the streetlamp, there I am, forgetting how to scream as the cruiser just coasts on by. I just stand with my mouth agape and a only voiceless breath escapes. It's up to me now, the law isn't on my side. In the ghetto, under the street lamp, in the middle of the street the law isn't on my side and it's me, a ditch, a knife, and a rapist with me in his determined grasp. My mind races ahead to yellow tape and me face down; my lifeless body in the daylight; people standing around. I try to escape the jean jacket that's buttoned at my chest. It's hindering my great escape. Oh and I need to escape. I need this miracle to happen right now. I need to free myself from this straightjacket. And he realizes I'm about to slip out of his grasp and rips my silk jumper along the zipper that caresses my back to get to my flesh and I can feel the night air fall upon my exposed skin. And then I become something I've never known myself to be. And I am everything that he is not. I am everything he thought I forgot. I am everything that he really fears. I am everything that he really fucking fears. And from the depths of places I never knew emerged a primal rage that happily sprung from its hidden cage. I locked eyes with my assailant and found the depths of his sorry soul, grabbed the blade with my hand and let it cut my palm as I gripped it harder and harder and pulled him closer to greet the rage of my face; screaming a scream that erupted from my ancient core right into his bewildered gaze as I grabbed his poor excuse of a member and squeezed with all of my might. I threw him, his knife, and his bullshit back. YES. I threw him, his knife, and his fucking bullshit back. I wasn't what he thought I was. No. I wasn't the prey he thought I was. I turned and let the beast go back to sleep as I ran barefoot along the yellow lines all the way home. I regained my composure running…running all the way home. I stayed in the light. I stayed in the light. And this time I was the light. I silently climbed the stairs to my floor, pushed the brass key into the lock, turned it, and quickly found the sanctuary of my room while everyone slept. On my desk, I found a newspaper clipping from my father whose headline read, "Ways to Escape Rape." It's 3 a.m. and I'm seventeen, two days before graduation. And I just got home from work.