I am copy pasting my  story here... rather than re-write it. This was what I posted on my wall the other day.... Age 4 or 5... raped on a kitchen table by, not sure who, as the details have been blanked out of my memory. I remembered for a day, but it was too traumatic, so it went back into repression. Partly, because my boyfriend at the time, did not react very kindly to my middle of the night terror when I remembered and relived it in a great detail. Age 8 to 16- sexual abuse by my step father, pretty much groping me and worse every chance he got, even if it was just a minute of no other adults in the room, I was not safe from sexual touch or being ordered to touch him sexually. Age 14,,, got pregnant by step dad... miscarried a few weeks later, never went to the Dr, cause that would have outed him... I almost died, and was accused of prostitution.Age 12... fondled by a foster home father, in front of his wife... she laughed and said, "Don't you like it?" That same guy used to come into my room, and make me shower and dress in front of him. Tried to press charges, but nothing was ever done, other than move me to another home. I don't even think they stopped sending kids to that "home". Age 18, raped by a needly junky, who had given me a place to sleep on his couch, as I was homeless and saving for a place. Then blackmailed out of pressing charges, and was laughed at by the cops. After that I turned to drugs and had a totally mental breakdown leading to a few days of sitting in a corner crying uncontrollably, unable to speak, eat, or sleep. Age 20, raped by some drug dealer my friend was hanging out with.Age 31 or 32... raped by my then live in boyfriend... who told me, as I balled under him, "I;ll be done in a minute... just shut up. Took me over a decade to admit that was rape.There is more... and I am not alone. This is why the  thing is so important. I have had family disown me, step dads family still thinks I am a lair and a homewrecker, and he is dead and it has been close to 3 decades since I blew the whistle on him. I have been laughed at by the cops, Had the state refuse to press real charges, had more relationships fall apart because of all this than I care to count. I have self view issues that are still pretty freakin bad... BUT I am survivor... my story matters, and it is REAL, every bit of it... I wish I were alone, as NOBODY deserves this shit... One day I'll write an auto-biography, and very well may lose a lot of people in my life, as I plan for it to be honest... but I feel like the veil needs to be taken down, we NEED to address this very real, and very large issue.And if you say ANYTHING about the way a woman (or man)dresses, acts, or looks as if it is an excuse... just don't. It won't end well. You could be the hottest man alive walking naked down the street, drunk, and drugged out, and I would not rape you... because I am not a fucking rapist. And if I saw a rape in progress, I would put my very life on the line to stop it, weather I know you or not.