Sexual Assault Timeline in My Life: When I was 7 years old I was Repeatedly Sexually Violated by our Church Custodian... When I was 10 years old I was Sexually Molested by a close Relative... When I was 14 years old I was "Dating a 35 year old "friend of the family" (his oldest son was my age)... When I was 15 years old I was "Dating" the Custodian at my High School... When I was 17 years old I was Raped by a Classmate who took me to Dairy Queen afterwards (So, I guess that morphs it into Date Rape...) When I was 19 years old I Warned a Young Mother to Take Her Precious Newborn Baby Girl & RUN From The Man Who Sexually Molested Me When I Was Very Young (She Took The Baby ALL The Way Across The Country & Went Into Hiding To Protect Her Daughter From A Sexual Predator)... When I was 21 years old I was Raped by a friend of a friend who gave me a ride home from a Community Picnic at the park (Payback... I was TOLD... Set up by a Sexually Frustrated-Trusted Member of the Community - who I refused to have sex with)... When I was 25 years old I RAN across country from a 5 year Domestically Violent Sexually Abusive "living" situation into Counseling for Battered Women at the Shelter in my hometown... When I was 26 years old I was Stalked from state to state by the man who had Sexually Abused me for 5 years... When I was 27 I was Repeatedly Sexually Threatened (in person at work, through notes left in my locker, after work on my way to my car...) by a male coworker who eventually left a description of what he'd like to do to me when he Raped me on my answering machine - His Threat was Officially a Felony - BUT the police Refused to arrest him & I ended up Losing My Job Because I Reported HIS ASSAULT on My Wellbeing... I guess it's been a while since I've been Raped... But I carry these memories with me... in my body... into every relationship I have (no matter who it's with: a new friend... an old friend... a neighbor... a teacher... a doctor... a counselor... a church member... a family member... a partner... the guy behind me in the checkout line at the grocery store... (I smile & say Hi... trying to disarm him... be friendly... but not "too friendly..." hopefully help him realize I'm A Real Person - not some blow-up doll he can have his way with in the parking lot)... I Don't Shop at Night... I Don't Go Out Alone... I Lock My Car Doors... I put my garage door down Before I get out of my car... I Watch My Back... I Watch Your Back... I'm Just An Average Everyday Girl... Just Like You...  !