I stared at my phone screen for about 20 minutes before I decided to write this.I still remeber the day as if it was yesterday. May 5th 2012. I had been over at a friends house when he asked to hang out. I reluctantly went thinking we would just be hanging out and talking. He explained to my nervous self that his mom really missed come to find out when I got to his house his mom was already asleep and the power was out. My naive self believed he just wanted to talk. Him and his friend were sitting outside talking while I went to the bathroom when I got back outside they immediately stopped the conversation which I found odd but I just thought maybe it was a private convo involving his friends gf. He lead me up to his room then his demeanor different, more quiet but still his charming personality. When we got up to his room, he locked the door behind him and lead me to sit on his bed. Then for the next couple hours he tried to convince me to get back together, was grabbing on my legs, trying to kiss me while I was trying to unlock his door.Finally I ended up fighting with him on his bed while banging on the floor where his mom was right below..calling out for help and crying wanting to go back to my friends house.He then sexually assaulted me while I just laid there, before getting to that  point I had said no and cried no and tried jumping out his second story window. I was forced to stay there til morning. When he walked me back down stairs where I saw his friend from the night before sleeping on the couch & I just wondered to myself, did he just ignore all my cries for help last night.They drove me to my friends house, and when I got out he opened his arms saying , "What I dont get a hug?"Not wanting to make a sign i gave him a hug reluctantly.The cop never charged him. Or even interviewed him until a whole year & a half after my assault. Then the prosecutor declinded to charge him.The last 5 years have been a long road but God as well as good family have helped me through it. I'm a surviour . I now have a beautiful son and a handsome husband. Time heals all wounds.I stared at my phone screen for about 20 minutes before I decided to write this.I still remeber the day as if it was yesterday. May 5th 2012. I had been over at a friends house when he asked to hang out. I reluctantly went thinking we would just be hanging out and talking. He explained to my nervous self that his mom really missed come to find out when I got to his house his mom was already asleep and the power was out. My naive self believed he just wanted to talk. Him and his friend were sitting outside talking while I went to the bathroom when I got back outside they immediately stopped the conversation which I found odd but I just thought maybe it was a private convo involving his friends gf. He lead me up to his room then his demeanor different, more quiet but still his charming personality. When we got up to his room, he locked the door behind him and lead me to sit on his bed. Then for the next couple hours he tried to convince me to get back together, was grabbing on my legs, trying to kiss me while I was trying to unlock his door.Finally I ended up fighting with him on his bed while banging on the floor where his mom was right below..calling out for help and crying wanting to go back to my friends house.He then sexually assaulted me while I just laid there, before getting to that  point I had said no and cried no and tried jumping out his second story window. I was forced to stay there til morning. When he walked me back down stairs where I saw his friend from the night before sleeping on the couch & I just wondered to myself, did he just ignore all my cries for help last night.They drove me to my friends house, and when I got out he opened his arms saying , "What I dont get a hug?"Not wanting to make a sign i gave him a hug reluctantly.The cop never charged him. Or even interviewed him until a whole year & a half after my assault. Then the prosecutor declinded to charge him.The last 5 years have been a long road but God as well as good family have helped me through it. I'm a surviour . I now have a beautiful son and a handsome husband. Time heals all wounds.