I am a former employee, who worked at the independent federal government agency. I was sexually assaulted over several years by several men, harassed, and bullied by females also. I did not want to play the game of kissing ass and fucking my way through the agency to be promoted. I thought if work hard to proved myself as an asset that I would be promoted. I received exceptional to high performance appraisal. Took every class my female supervisor told me to take because I thought if worked hard and I did what I was told I would be promoted. But was not promoted and they treated me like garbage. My first three years at the agency was great. My director from 1998 – 2001 was very protective of me and he did not let people abuse or use me at the agency. But because of political reasons he was forced out and he warned me to be careful and not to trust anyone. I should have left but I decided to stay because I was pregnant with another baby on the way. In 2001 my nightmare started, new political appointees were brought into the office and I was being watched everyday. This man harassment start insistently, he would stand behind me everyday watching me. I tried getting along with him by being cordial, answering questions, and doing the work he asked of me, but he became physically abusive as years went on. When we were in the office alone I was on guard more so, he began rubbing his privates on me and was holding me up against my desk in my cubicle. I was struggling to get away from him and finally got away and went up under my desk. He ran away and I should have reported him then but I did not. I finally had enough when he forced his self on me again, I blacked out and then I woke up with this man trying to drag me into room behind my cubicle. I grabbed on to the doorway and would not let go so he gave up, let me go, and he ran back to his office. I decided to do an EEO complaint against him because he was going to rape me if I did not do something. I worked there too long and should left but didn’t. The females were horrible bullies, they would harass me just for thinking and just being me. I put up with the madness at this agency because I learned that my family severely abuse me so I had to just survive. So I did same at this agency, when the harassment and the bullying  from women became to much to bare I resigned from my position.