It has taken me quite a while to be able to tell one thing from my own many experiences about being violated. So many strong people in here have shared their hard stories - so I think I must be strong enough to share just one of mine too... I have experienced many sexistic things in my worklife (which is a main reason why I gave up my work/am not working as an architect today.) Also things in my personal life - which of course are a background and a reason that I have been trapped in these situations.The one experience I choose to tell about here, has haunted me more than any other.I was 21 years old, studying at the School of Architecture in Aarhus in Denmark. For a period I suddently got pain in my back/stomage and also had blood in my urin. When I visited my doctor, and explained to him my problem, he said in a commanding voice: Take off your trousers! And even if I fellt something was wrong, I did what he asked me to. I thought: Well, it has something to do with my underneath... and he is a doctor. He asked me to get in the gynoghological chair, and then he (without gloves) finger-fucked me. When I was starting to cry, holding my arm over my head, he commanded: Look at me! I dont know, why I did it, but I looked at him. It is so shamefull, to tell this. When I got home, I took a long, long very hot bath, crying.After a few days my pains increased, so in the end I couldn't move. I had to call an emergency-doctor, and I begged my boyfriend to stay with me, because I was terrified that the doctor coming, was a man.It was a good doctor, a nice person, who came to see me in big pains. He very quickly gave me the diagnosis, I had a severe infection in my kidney. I got medicine straight away and had to deliver a urin-test. That was all! No trousers off. His diagnosis was right. And in a week I was ok.The other doctor not only harrassed me, he also failed to help me from a seriuosly alarming problem, that could have developed  to something even worse. I told some people around me about it - but only one person reacted - and this was my brother. He followed me to the doctor, when I should give an explanation of why I wanted to changed to another doctor. I am gratefull to him today (have never told him...) But I wonder why other people very close to me didn't react. Today, more than 20 years after this, I I dont like any kind of doctors, even if I choose only women, if possible. I have been seeking the bad doctors name on the internet, in a wish to warn other women. I didnt find it, he probably went to pension now.