(I posted this on my personal page, and that is why the disclaimer for my family is there.) , detailed version.***Loved ones discretion advised: Some of you might not want to know all of this, but I don't feel the need to allow myself to feel guilt over speaking out anymore. I'm too good for that. Some of you will know what I am talking about in some or all of these descriptions. Some of you know the people that were involved in these scenarios. Some of you love those people. That is okay. Everybody is loved by somebody. DO NOT READ FURTHER if you think it will upset you to remember these things. Take responsibility for what you allow yourself to read and absorb. I am simply stating what has happened *to me* and this is *my story* in a nutshell.***1] When I was not yet a teenager, a trusted loved one allowed two men to have sex with me. That was the first time I was physically 'intimate' with anybody.2] When I was in junior high, I was walking home at night and was forced into sexual acts by a boy from the same junior high. I told a couple of friends and they didn’t believe me. 3] When I was fifteen years old, I lost my virginity to a man who was twenty-two. He offered me weed, and I tried it, but I was not physically or mentally incapacitated when I slept with him. It was in his mother's garage, and everybody who knew about it was fine with it. Until my dad found out and got a restraining order against him.4] Less than 24 hours after losing my virginity at fifteen to that man, a trusted male friend I attended high school with listened to me cry about it. I had forgotten my sleeping pills and was staying at a friend's house. He gave me a xanax, claiming it was the same thing, and later slept with me after I'd smoked weed and drank booze. I remember none of it. When I accused him of rape, all of our mutual friends took his side.5] Less than a month after that happened, I was dating a boy and sleeping with him actively. One night when we were all drunk, he allowed a friend to 'join' us. The next day everybody in our school knew about it and made fun of me for being 'tag teamed'. 6] When I was eighteen years old I was drunk and a drunk man pushed himself on me. I said no, he continued, and I did not fight him off. Another friend walked in on us, and weeks later when I said he'd forced himself on me I was again called a liar and a slut. This argument went on between mutual friends for nearly a decade. Sometimes I still hear about it.7] When I was 21 years old, I was drunk and a man took advantage of me. He was stone cold sober. I could not come forward to authorities because he was just under eighteen and his father threatened me with statutory rape.8] When I was 21 years old, later that same year, I was at a bar. My energy drink (non-alcoholic because that mattered to NCIS and the cops) was drugged. I left the bar knowing something was wrong, and was attacked outside of it, thrown against a car, and raped. I had a black eye, a sprained wrist, bruises all over my body, a ripped dress and injuries I don't want to publicly disclose. The cops and PMO and NCIS accused me of making it up because I felt guilty for sleeping with somebody else, I was married.9] The following took place when I was ages 23-25. Throughout the course of a two year relationship with an older man, I was forced to do things with him sexually in front of other men and participate in sexual acts I did not want to do and was not comfortable performing in order to satisfy his kinks and his closet bisexualism.I used to have a hard time telling people these things. I felt like I was 'admitting' to things I had done wrong. That is how victims are made to feel. We also get told that a 'victim mentality' gets us victimized ten fold, and that we need to bring ourselves out of it. I did not ask for these things to happen to me. I did not deserve them. NOBODY does.These are the instances where I have been full on, physically made to take part in sexual acts or sexual intercourse against my will or when I was not able to consent. I said 'no' to some of these men. I said nothing to others. This does not include the countless times men have put their hands on me to ask to 'read my tattoos', taken advantage of me being very close to them while caring for them in hospitals or on an ambulance, screamed obscenities at me while I was working ocean rescue in a bikini or talked disgustingly to me while I was working alongside them, in the same uniform, at the fire department.This does not include, likewise, the times that I likely made men feel like I was giving them unwanted attention or sexualizing them. There was a period of time that I was trying to 'take back my sexuality' and I more than likely made some men feel like they had to be intimate with me to get my positive attention.This is a human issue. So,  and #MenToo and #IHaveBeenGuiltyToo and please, please remember: People you know and love have perpetrated this and been victim to this all the same.Wake up. Change. Do better.