It happened to me when I was 18. I came from a steady history of emotional abuse from my peers, occasionally physical as well, and from a history of neglect by my family. I was the youngest of four kids, and all three of my siblings were over achievers. (Since then my family and I have grown very close and the once broken relationship I had with my parents has been mended and is stronger than ever)I wont bog this down with the details of my childhood. All that's essential to take away is that it broke me down. I had no self confidence, a fear of men, and of people being physically close to me. I never felt good enough, had a problem with rage, and had a lot of emotional baggage with nowhere to put it all. The only relief I had was my one best friend.If there's one thing I've heard, it's that a predator knows how to spot prey. I was weak, insecure, vulnerable and despite my best efforts i know it showed. It was winter when i met my abuser. At first it was all innocent. We were just friends. But as the friendship progressed he utilized many methods to isolate me and force me to become reliant on him. I will never forget the time i told a white lie because i didnt want to hang out. I had an issue with telling people no then, because i had never known a time where my opinions and desires mattered. His response to the lie was to tell me that if i ever lied to him again about anything, we couldnt be friends. thats how it was with him. All or nothing. He knew how to press every button in my book. And i let him. i was depressed, alone, the man i loved had just told me he couldnt be with me...by then, my abuser had spent MONTHS wearing me down trying to be my boyfriend. It was constant, and never ending. Id told him no so many times i lost count. But when my love (who is now my husband) told me no, i broke. I gave in. I told my abuser yes. His response was to pick me up then and there, carry me to my own car after taking my keys from me, and screw me in the back seat...Some of my friends came out and started to rock the car like it was a joke. I was so shattered and in shock that he picked me up, i couldnt find my voice to say no. I just took it...Barely a month later, he left me after i was intentionally the worst girlfriend i could be to get him to stop trying to be in a relationship with me. My methods worked, but he knew what id been trying to do. He started saying id regret not being with him. He chewed into every shred of self confidence id managed to get. I entered a depression so bad, i almost flunked out of college. it got worse. A few months after we split up, he contacted me via skype to tell me he was suicidal and going to kill himself. I rushed over there to stop him, and found him just....standing in the driveway. Waiting for me. He didnt look depressed, or upset to the point of death. I didn't care though. I was just so glad he hadnt done it. I went inside with him. We went to his room. He offered me a drink. I was so relieved he hadnt killed himself, i wanted something to settle my nerves. Next thing i know, hes joking about how i cant finish off the bottle of Southern comfort he had. I take the bet. I drink the drink. Then im waking up in my car, at the parking lot by the beach. My mother is screaming at us. I dont know how we got there. All i know is that she tracked me with my GPS. He drives me home. My mother is still screaming at me. Now shes called me a drunk whore...That breaks me. I start to cry. I cry into my sisters arms for an hour and then she goes to bed. Im still drunk, and ripped up inside. So i went back downstairs looking for comfort from my friend.I am a suggestable drunk. I mimic whatever emotions someone puts forward to me...he knows this. He starts out small. Touching my face, my arm...and then like a switch flipping it gets sexual. This part is still hazy as i was sobering up. I remember being on the floor of my parents living room, and hes having his way with me...just like that...And at the end he asks if im on birth control. like an after thought. It didnt matter. I could only nod and say nothing. It was like a splash of ice water to the face. I was awake. I was sober. I was in shock. I picked up my clothes and went to bed.The next morning he goes home with my mom driving him. I contacted him later on facebook. I asked him why he did that. Id told him for months i didnt want to be with him. we'd split up. He said it wasnt his fault. He "memory tested me." Because i could remember what hed said a minute prior i was sober enough to consent....He made me believe it was all my fault, and so i buried the memory...years later he went back to jail for parole violation. Hed done to a little girl EXACTLY what hed done to me with the alcohol. He broke his parole to throw me a birthday party. His going to jail was the best thing that ever happened to me. While he was gone, my love came back to me. He told me he realized how stupid he had been, and told me he missed me, loved me, and never wanted to let me go again. He proposed to me not even three months later, on christmas eve. I remember going to the jail to show my abuser my fiance, and the ring. He sent me back a letter trying to convince me i was making a huge mistake. (8 years later, still going strong in our relationship.)Years later, while he was gone, i mentioned what happened to me to a friend, and he said that was rape. I remember being in denial about it. Denial was easier...The next year i went insane. I fell apart. I lost all my friends, withdrew into isolation and manic depression. Crying jags, exhaustion, paranoia, pain...So much pain. But my husband held my hand and walked with me through every mountain and valley of recovery. Im still not all better. I may never be. I know i will never be the person i was before, but thats ok. I didnt like that person anyway. I am stronger now. Wiser. I will never be fooled like that again. I will never be harmed like that again. And no matter what, i know i will have my rock, my husband and soul mate, by my side. I couldnt have gotten as far as i have without him. My husband gave me the courage to walk away from this toxic person, and every day i treasure what he has given me. Hes helped me recover my confidence, my dignity, and my power. I will never be anything other than the best that i can be.