MetooWhen I was 4 years old a man approached me at the playground and tried to convince me to go home with him. I didnt. I ran home. Maybe because my mom told me many times that I never should talk to or go with a stranger. Maybe I was just lucky. When I was 8 years old and walking home from school a man drove by and pulled over a cupple of meters from where I was standing. He asked for directions. I took a few step closer to the car and then he opened the door. His pants were down and he was masturbating. I was shocked and terrified and started to run the other way, home. I was afraid that he would come after me and drag me in to his car. He didnt. Maybe I was just lucky. When I was 12 years old and started develop some of the boys started touching my breasts as a Hello. They talked about how much they had growned (or not) and compared them with other girls like it was a normal subject of conversations and they laught. It felt so bad but I didnt say anything. When I was 15 years old I stood in line at a carneval to take a ride on one of the attractions. All of a sudden an older man came up from behind, wrapped his arms around me, lifted me up in the air, against his body and whispered in my ear: I love to run naked in rubberboots. I tried to get down, get him off me and asked him to put me down but he didnt listen. No one around me reacted. Finally he put me down and left. Me and my friend laughted about it even thou it wasnt funny, cause what else would we do? When I was 16 years old me and my soccerteam went to a huge soccercompetition in Gothenburg. We were all very excited. We slept in a classroom at a school and there were lots of other teams staying there as well. One evening after me and two of my teammates had brushed our teeth in the hallway, about ten boys from a team surrounded us. We stood in the middle of this cirkle of boys and they were touching us wherever they could lay their hands and they were laughing. One of the boys forced me to kiss him. He stuck his tounge in my mouth. We said stop but they didnt listen. After a while they let us go. Our coaches talked to the management. We were shipped off to a hotel for the night but first they made us follow them to the boys room where they wanted us to point out the boys who did it. We were still in shock and the boys laughed and made a spectical of it. Then the management explained to us that we had to think how we dressed because boys are boys. The next day we were back at the school. The boyteam were still there and no actions against what hd happened were taken. When I was 18 and walking home a car with 4 men stopped beside me and they asked how much money I would like to have to fuck them. I answered in shock that I wasnt a prostitute, I didnt want to have sex with them. They drove off. There are so many more stories of sexually harassment but I'm so thankful that I haven't been raped. Yet. You'll never know, maybe I someday run out of luck. That is so fucking awful that I, and I guess many women with me live in a world where that is something to feel thankful for. That women always have to have that thought in the back of our heads. That we can't feel safe. That we always take procausion when we go out. That we avoid things that can put us in a situation who gets out of control. I have a 12 year old daughter. I want her to grow up in a world where she doesnt have to worry about these kind of things. Im afraid someone will break her with sexual abuse and I dont want her to have to deal with sexual harassment from a young age. It have to change!