So I am new to this site which I feel is absolutely amazing and I owe a friend a debt I can never repay for sharing  on her page and her ability to stand up and I have watched her over awhile and watched her speak out and every time I would start I would delete the post afraid of what someone might say or act or afraid of embarrassing my family. Let me start by saying I am not good with punctuation so please forgive me.So without going into every little detail I will just sum it up the best I canI was abused sexually by 3 people. The first was my biological father. I  want to say I was around 7 or 8 . My oldest sister was his first victim. He would come get her from bed and then send her to get me when they were finished. My mom worked nights and so she was not home when this happened. It got to a point that he was no longer getting my older sister first in fact she was not even being called to his room it became me more and more. She eventually told a friends mother about HER being abused and they arrested him. She was put in a home for awhile and me and my sister ( she had a mental disability) were questioned repeatedly. I denied everything I still remember to this day almost 40 years later knowing that if I told they would take me from my mom too and I was not admitting to anything. He was sentenced to prison. My mother moved us away from the house that it had happened in and moved us to an apartment. She had custody of my older sister back and she baby sat us while my mom worked 2 jobs to keep us feed clothed and a roof over our heads. My oldest sister began sexually abusing me I want to say we lived in the apartment about 6 months before it started my grand father helped my mom move us from the town we lived in and moved us to another town which made I feel the abuse worse because then my mom was gone even more because of her commute to work and back (larger town longer drives). My sister continued her abuse on me for about 2 years. Until my mother moved us back to our old town and moved in with a man she had been seeing over the last year.The abuse with my sister stopped I was about 11 at this time. The man my mom would soon marry was supposed to be someone that would make a change in our lives. He was very physically abusive and mentally abusive and then as I got older about 13 he started sexually abusing me as well. He had adopted me and my sistersI never told anyone until my daughter was born and then I told my now ex husband ONLY because I freaked out when I walked in and he was changing our daughters diaper and I lost it. He then told my mother in which I told her of ONLY the first incident. She cherished my adoptive father and with her health issues I just could not tell her. I figured I was married I was away from him so I would be ok. She passed away only knowing of my biological fathers abuse. My biological father passed away in prison right after I had gotten married he had been sentenced to 20 years for abusing another child after he was released on probation for my sisters abuse. My adoptive father passed away in 97. My older sister destroyed my first marriage was always calling Child Welfare on me and my ex husband and was always causing problems in our family as a whole. When my mother passed she moved away which was a blessing but I wanted to confront her on what she had done to me. So I went to visit her and was going to be a grown up and talk to her. I walked into her house (in which was right across the street from where HER abuse started.) She had a shrine dedicated to my biological father candles pictures of him it was horrible when I questioned her she said " my son has a right to know who his grandpa was" I left her home and we did not speak for many years when we did speak again she took some personal things from my home while I was out doing an errand. So I wrote her a letter and sent it to her via messenger on facebook confronting her not only with the theft but also the abuse she put me through as a child. She blocked me and we have not spoken. Our middle sister passed away in 2016 my aunt told me I needed to put my hatred for my oldest sister away while I was standing there watching my middle sister pass NOT A TIME TO start this with me I went off on my aunt and my entire mother side of my family that was there found out about what my older sister did to me. No one said a word. Now when I am around they do not mention her name if they do they get told that as far as I am concerned she belongs in hell with the other 2. So basically that is my story in a nutshell. I chose to be a survivor many years ago after I was able to escape the last abuse. I made a vow that I would not allow the abuse to define me. I would stand up and make sure this did not happen to any other child I was around.