I've debated posting this since joining but I feel like the time is right. It's not something I go into great detail about or really consciously think about day to day but..The first time I remember being harassed was when I was 9 years old. A 13 year old catcalled me infront of his friends and touched my boob. I was on my own. I told the school and they made him apologise to me but that was it, no further repercussions. When I was 12/13 me and some friends used to play truth or dare. We were young and experimenting. There were some parts I was uncomfortable with but I went along with it. There were times I went on my own.. I really liked him but he didn't like me. But it was ok to tie me up in the woods. When I was 15 I went to a guys house. A friend of mine had already been in an abusive relationship with him but I was stupid and I didn't listen. I didn't even pay any mind that my first time was rape, I decided to be in a relationship with him. I convinced myself it was what I wanted to the point where a guy I really loved tried to get me out of it but I was trying so hard to stick by my dumb decisions I said no. That decision has haunted me. Eventually we broke up and I told my friends what had been going on. They said ok, one even rolled their eyes. They didn't believe me.When I was 17 I lost my dad. An older guy I knew who'd always been nice to me told me he'd lost his dad too and invited me over for company. I was living in my dad's empty house on my own and I was glad to talk to someone who I thought would understand. He was friends with my boyfriend at the time so I trusted him. He assaulted me. I didn't tell my boyfriend but I told some friends. He'd done it someone else I knew. They'd gone to the police and received little help. I decided to keep quiet.I had counselling around this time and it was suggested that because I can't remember a lot of my childhood maybe I was abused.. I didn't and still don't really want to get to the bottom of that to be honest. I'd rather just put that to the very back of my mind because I can't remember and if it's true I'd rather not.There's been other incidents since and in-between but these are the most poignant in my mind. There's been many ways these things have affected my life but I'm getting better and trying to work harder to confront issues head on moving forward.