Age 6 babysitter's daughter forced me to perform acts when I had to share her bed. Age 14 molested by a male family member who was 18 during summer vacation, and then groped daily under my shirt in 8th grade English class by the boy behind me.Age 16 (this originally not in post as I typed it this all in Note and copied and pasted...missed this part in case anyone is wondering) Raped by my boyfriend's (at the time) brother-in-law. We had moved to a new town 9 months before. I was at the BIL's house with a friend and her boyfriend who was an acquaintance with BIL at the time. Rapist's wife found out and accused me of trying to steal her husband. And had my "friend" set me up and take me to BIL's house where BIL, his sister, wife, my "friend" and her boyfriend and my "boyfriend" all (except "friend") either watched or took part in beating me. They finally let me go and I walked to a repair shop to use the phone. I called for a ride to my house and hid in my room from my parents until the next day. Once Mom found out what happened she took me to the ER for X-rays of my face, and then to PD. The PD made a report, but didn't believe he actually raped me. None of the received any punishment at all. We moved back to our old town and I never saw any of them again. 32 years later and I still wonder where they are.Age 22 attempted rape by a friend of a friend who was 20 years older than me. He took me to his van at a party when I asked where the bathroom was. I got away by finally pretending I needed to vomit (I had been drinking) and he opened the van door. I ran in to the party and had someone take me home. These are just the times I was actually touched. I've had teachers, bosses, a landlord, and others my comments or "offers" such as free rent or promotions.Until now I have never mentioned the sitter's daughter, or classmate incidences. Thru  I have discovered my younger sister is also a member of this club nobody wants to be a member of. Now I wonder is it because I waited so long to say anything about the family member? She is 11 years younger. He had much more access to her. We aren't close, but I think this is the moment I need to suck it up and ask. ((HUGS)) to all of you who are also victims.