 - Myself, along with my 3 sisters, were sexually molested by my parents, mostly my dad, from the 6th grade until I was 18 years old and was able to run away from home and hide! He was also very controlling, manipulative and emotionally abusive and started taping all of our phone conversations, but we didn't know that for quite a while, he just told us he was paying people to watch us everywhere we were which made me into a very paranoid person with very bad trust issues! My twin sister and I figured it out one day when they were gone and from that point forward we never said anything on the phone that we didn't want our parents to know anything about. They were very strict on us and didn't allow us to have friends over or to go anywhere. I never did anything without their permission anyways, as I wasn't one of the typical rebellious teenagers, but my dad wouldn't allow me to have any boyfriends either unless I allowed him to do things to me, so I never had any. My mom knew he was doing things to us, but she wouldn't help us! He did mostly everything to me while she took all of my other sisters to the grocery store. He said I was the prettiest. How sick is that?!?!As soon as I met my first husband, David Strachan, in the Summer of 1984 before my Senior year in High School at a Summer dance, he was a very nice guy and there seemed to be something really special about him. He was a Bouncer and went to a different High School, so we didn't get to see each other much, but we became really close quickly and fell in love and I confided in him what was going on with me and in our house and he and his parents did everything they could to help me. And no matter how much my parents tried to keep us apart, the stronger our relationship became. As soon as the timing was right, his parents let me move in with them and I had him arrested in 1985, but he got out of jail and was never fully prosecuted. (Too long of a story to get into, but he's dead now and I believe GOD will take care of him in HIS own way.)I've always open about what I went through and spoken about it and I know I've helped a lot of people because I do continue to talk about it. I suffer from PTSD, depression, anxiety, etc., and sometimes still have nightmares. But, I'm a survivor and I want others to know it's never too late to ask for help!Always be sure to surround yourself with love and people you can trust and be sure that those closest to you know what happened to you because they're the one(s) you're going to need when you have days where you're going to need to talk about it, and they need to be able to understand where you're coming from. I've always believed honesty works best and more times than not, I've gotten a lot more support now than I did way back then.I'm here for anyone who ever wants to talk or wants me to listen. I'm in the process of writing my memoir and I don't know when it'll be published, but I just hope it'll help at least one person out.❤#ImASurvivor#ParentsShouldntMolestTheirKids#StopSexualAbuse