My story starts when I was 13 years old. It was the summer of 2013 I was dating this guy named C. It started out very simple and regular relationship, he treated me right. Thanks that really changed till about a month into it. It all started one day at the lake he was forcing himself onto me then my sister. If we didn’t do what he wanted he would force us underwater or pull her hair or grab ahold of us. He tried to get me to do with him, he didn’t have protection and I wasn’t ready so try not to so I came up the excuse of I didn’t want to get pregnant. He tried to convince me by saying he was sterile, I didn’t trust him on it and I said no and he forcibly touched me then. He was continually abusive towards me he would pull me to the ground every chance he got, he would pull my hair grab hold of me, and you try to force me on his other friend. I was forced to kiss his other friend in front of him and let him touch me for C’s pleasure. Eventually my dad came out side one time when he was touching me and saw, when he saw he kicked C out and didn’t let him to come back. He eventually came back but I ended up ending things finally. Only the first timeThe second time was with S. this was again summer 2013.  We have been dating about three weeks at this point and I went over to his aunts house to meet some of his  family. Well eventually he wanted to go swimming and I don’t have a bathing suit so borrowed his cousins. When we got in the pool he was kissing me which was normal and eventually he cornered me and started pulling the shorts I was wearing and i was trying to stop him but he kept saying “ if you like me you’d let me do this” eventually I gave in cause  He was stronger and he got the shorts off and kissing me pulling my bottoms to the side and pulled it out. No matter what I tried I couldn’t get free and he successfully got it in. S got arrested later that week for running away from home (he was a minor too) and I ended things through his grandma who he had call me when I wouldn’t answer his calls from the jail. And that was that. The final time was D. This was summer 2016. He was my sisters ex bf and my brothers best friend so he stayed the nights a lot with my brother and this was any other night. Except this night I decided to be nicer to him as it seemed I couldn’t get rid of him after he mentally abused my sister. And I didn’t wanna be mad in my own place. Well that night I went to bed with my dog in bed with me like normal and my door opened for her to get in and out, just like every other night. Well some point in the night he crawled into bed with me while I was asleep and started touching me over my clothes. He touched my boobs, and my other area heavily. Just as he was slipping his hand inside my clothes I woke up and stopped him and kicked him out. I shut my door and locked it and triple checked the lock. After I had a panic attack and I couldn’t go back to sleep. I never opened up about the first two until it was 2 almost 3 years after. But with him I told people the next day. I told my mom, some church people I trusted and my brother. My mom decided we shouldn’t press charges as he was heavily on drugs and severely depressed and she talked to him about it and how it was wrong. I was 13,13, and 16 when these things happened to me. I wasn’t dressed any differently than anyone else around me. And one of the times I was even not conscious to give consent. It’s my story and i am ready to tell it. I am now 18 and I’m loving life atm. One of my goals in life it to make it to 2020 and 2023 to say my body has never been touched by them. That I’m me and nothing will change that. I will over come this 