 Would you please stope giving your shitty explanations? That this only happens rarely. That I'm oversensitive, that this was simply bad luck on my part (several dozen times, seriously???!!!). Stop convincing me it's just a statistical error. A coincidence. Something one should not really be disturbed by.Or would you rather tell me it's my fault? I inherited a huge old armchair from my grandmother - all else burned in the war - oh, but yes, there is also this very feminine shape. Curves. Guitar-like. Hips. Buttocks. Large, full, definitely noticeable breasts...I didn't want to see the first erection of my life on a disgusting guy who cornered me - a ten-year old back then - in a stairwell.I didn't want the series of images, men jerking off, in the Łazienki park, in Pole Mokotowskie, on an almost empty tram.I didn't take the bus to school to be rubbed against by random guys.I didn't want a drunk guest trying to French kiss me din a family function.Dear primary school classmates, you joking about my growing breasts and humiliating me in public was not funny at all.Dear culture center instructor, your comment on my assets was actually abuse, too.As a thirteen-year-old I went to a cinema with another girl - to see a movie, not to try to escape a man from the next seat trying to grab me, hiding under a coat. That was when I would have loved to have had a razor on me...Road workers and drunkards, you whistling and catcalling me is abuse, too. "I'd love to fuck you, whore" is kind of tough on a high-schooler's psyche. So is "nice boobs, bitch".Passer-by back in June 2017, I did not slap your face for exclaiming "I'd grab your tits" looking at me wearing a modest t-shirt - but just because my hands were full of groceries I bought to cook a dinner for my kids.Dirty loser from a construction site nearby, you whistling and singing about my legs does not make me extatic just because I am forty now and still earned a compliment. Actually, I want to throw up listening to you. Probably because I'm oversensitive.I let you all go because there was a time when I couldn't defend myself. But you, fucker, you who touched my ten-year-old's hair with admiration as she rode on a bus, paralyzed with shame and fear - remember it was just that once that all I did was stomp you into the ground verbally. Should any of you touch any of my girls again, be it with a dirty gesture or a vile word - I will tear you balls off and push them into your throat through the nose. I don't care what the sentence might be - they have libraries in prisons, after all. And it might even turn out that after all the years of enduring this I'd be more than able to plead insanity. I hate you.