I have attempted to document and write about this experience numerous times and have always halted because of either shame or not hurting family members that were victims as was I.But the current time period has overwhelmed my hesitations and I am prompted to share this experience.I write this now not for attention but in the hope that this will be a step towards healing. I have spoken with numerous therapists and have gone periods without any thought of this experience. Somehow like a beautiful lawn, the experience pops up just like a weed and that weed needs to be pulled out before it overtakes the beauty of the well manicured, watered lawn. So I purge my current experience of this past event by documenting this experience hoping that this will help someone and myself. I was a child that was overlooked by adults for lots of reasons, the purpose of this isn’t to talk about my family structure but to express something that is way too common in our society. My sexual abuse started when I was 8 years old, I thought it started when I was 12 but I had an experience as an adult during intercourse and I realized what I originally thought was occurring (him rubbing my child body up and down on him until he ejaculated, without penetration) was something my brain created to protect me in some weird way. I was born in NYC, but raised by my mothers parents from 2-3 months old until I was 4 years old in South America. I was sent back to the US when I was 4 and raised by my dad and my mothers family until I was 12. My mother and I had a very distant relationship for lots of reasons, she blessed me with her intelligence and ability to learn anything I put my mind towards and I am forever grateful for the genes.Both of my parents worked hard attempting to realize the America dream like most immigrants do. I was always perceived as an intelligent, but difficult, and different child that would say whatever crossed my brain without regard to how it may effect whom ever was on the receiving end.In the fourth grade my standardized tests scores were “12 grade and beyond “ and I was sent to the first magnet school in Manhattan.By the time this was occurring my life had already taken a change of course.My sisters husband was a child predator. He took a liking to me from an early age and would give me money originally for no reason at all. He would often compare her to me even though she was 16 years my senior and he was 10 years older than her. I recall him saying things to her like “why can’t you be like...”.  He changed my life forever. The sexual abuse started when I was 8 years old (in the 3rd grade), and continued until I was 14 years old ( in the 9th grade). The first time I spoke about it was when I was 12 years old, someone in my family was getting married and I chose my closest older family member who was 21 or 22 years old at the time to lay this heavy confession upon ( I had told my younger sister because we were friends but she was only 9 years old and I was concerned he might do the same to her and even though I was a kid, I wanted to protect her) Being a child without any real knowledge besides what I read in books I somehow thought I could be pregnant, if this wasn’t a concern,  I don’t know if I would of told her but I did. Her response was “did you miss your period?” My reply “no”, her response “ok, let me know if you do “. Later on that year I attempted to kill myself taking all of the prescription drugs I could get my hands on at that time. After my attempted suicide, every one in my household just thought I just wanted attention within the next year the brownstone I lived became a tragedy related to an electrical fire, one family member died, another child was injured, and my father became permanently disabled. My sisters husband insisted that I go live with him and my sister which I did. At 14 years old I became pregnant with my sisters husbands child. I was now in high school and had cultivated a friendship with an individual I am still friends with today. We learned about Planned Parenthood together and I had my first abortion at 14 years old while I was 24 weeks pregnant with her as my support system. After that experience  I started running away from home. I refused to be subjugated to an environment I had no control over. I am currently in my early 40’s, I have heard of many situations where this same predator has taken advantage of women with young girl children who he abused, there is only one situation I know of where he actually abused his own daughter..... all of these cases occurred after me and I bear a guilt related to not being brave enough to call attention to the authorities in order to identify him for who and what he is..... He is one of the lowest forms of humans that walks our planet.... someone who preys upon the weakest members of society deserves to be known for what they are.... they should not be cloaked, hidden, or given rights like all upstanding members of society, there should be no rock under which they can hid, they have taken away the essence of youth and childhood innocence that isn’t a privilege but a right.He deserves to have his right of  anonymity taken away, THE WORLD should know what he has done and he should be treated in the same manner if not worse .....He who have violated CHILDREN and Women...