Hey all!When I was 20 I went through something as well. I don't like to specify but I can tell you how I coped and maybe I can help some here to deal with their own stuff. The first years I surpressed what happened (it was a one time experience), also: I was convinced it was my fault, that I was the weak person at that moment and that I could have prevented what had happened, that I had been just stupid. Only after talking about it three years later with some girlfriends, they made clear to me that what happened was clearly wrong and that it was in no way my fault. That not being able to stop this person was not my fault. I can assure you, this was a hard thing to accept because I'm a proud person. Another important thing: even tough I never received any excuse, I knew this person felt ashamed about what he had done. I could see it in his eyes if we sometimes crossed in a street. I knew that seeing me was a confrontation for him, one that reminded of what had happened. And he was for sure not proud of it. I don't doubt that feeling this has helped me to cope. I knew that if he could turn back time, he would have done otherwise. The fact I was in this experience didn't keep me from going out. But the experience left me with a filthy feeling, it distanced me from my own body. I was aware of it, but is was my way to cope and to be able to try to live my life like I wanted to, despite what happened. I never wanted to feel like a victim, it is the worst feeling there is so I wanted to feel: I and only I am in charge of my life. That tomorrow is a new day and that if I want to have joy in my life and grow, get further in life, then I was the one who was going to do it, no matter what happened 'yesterday'. I don't say it was easy, not at all. I have felt nauseous for so so many times, for being reminded of that experience years and years after it happened. And if I meet someone new, I always get mixed up feelings about sex, because it reminds me of this feeling of being disempowered in a situation and of that filthy feeling. But if I like that person enough, if I manage to trust him, I know I'm able to let go of the other feeling. And I want to let women know who went through a abusive situation or another kind of cross-border behavior that I believe that every one of you, can on their own rhythm and in their own unique way, find the way back to the feeling of good self-esteem, of dignity, of (self) empowerment. In the end you always have to row with the oars you have today, but that doesn't mean a brighter future is waiting for you tomorrow. But yes it can be very hard, and healing is a slow process so patience is really key. But it is so worth it. <3 <3 <3