On the bus on the way home from the senior trip to the Santa Cruz Boardwalk in 1982, the guy on the bus next to me, who was high at the time, fondled my breasts for quite a bit of the ride home under my sweatshirt.  When it started, I pushed his hand away.  I did it several times, but the bus was full and there was no other seat. the young man was a friend who was dating one of my closest friends who was a year behind us and not on the trip, and I eventually resigned myself that there was no graceful way out and just resigned myself and closed my eyes and prayed for it to stop. The next day at school we had an uncomfortable discussion about it, I let him know that it wasn’t “okay”, he apologized (I believe sincerely) and decided to let it go. We remained friends, but I never sat next to him again on a travel bus again. I never told anyone.  I could not see an upside. Speaking out would have destroyed both of us. I was ashamed that I let it happen.  I was embarrassed that I didn’t know how to stop it.  I believed that if I said anything that all of our friends would be forced to pick and choose between us and was honestly fearful that they would choose him over me because he was awesome, funny and charming and I was serious, studious and ordinary.I don’t know if he even remembers that encounter or  if it even made an impression on him. It was 35 years ago and, even though I forgave him and we are still friends, good friends, I still remember it.   And when I remember it, I still feel like I did something wrong.  I logically know that I didn’t but it will always be there.  The impression and impact of that encounter is indelible.It was a lesson that you always need to be on guard because even good guys, sweet guys and good friends aren’t always safe.This is just one of the stories and the actions are in many ways less egregious than most of the other encounters (the guy who swore he didn’t bite but he actually did...) but part of the impact was that it happened with someone who always made me feel safe, someone I trusted.  It was many years before I would ever feel truly and completely safe with a man again.