Yesterday, I shared apart of my story... Today, I'd like share to another part; a much deeper part.This one is called #MyChildrenToo an abused one's worst nightmare.#MyChildrenTooIt is the worst pain to feel... knowing that you too failed to protect your child as your own parents had done for you. While I was going through my homeless/prostitution phase, I opted to let my oldest stay with his father so that he wouldn't be subjected to bullcrap that I was going through. His father, too busy chasing after women; left my son in the care of his alcoholic mother and her abusive boyfriend (unbeknownst to me at the time). Once I was on my feet, and had secured an apartment for us; I took him back. I noticed IMMMEDIATELY something was wrong. My son would wake EVERY morning between 3am - 4am and scream/cry uncontrollably..no matter how much you tried to sooth him. He wouldn't allow my husband (at the time) to bathe him as he'd always done. He would scream out, "No! Don't touch my peepee. Don't touch my weewee." As a child of abuse, I freaking knew these signs all too well. But, I let others convince  me that I was being paranoid because of my own history and that nothing happened to my son. It came out two years later, after I found my son molesting his younger brother 😢😢😢 I sat him down and I asked him where did he learn this from? Had anyone done this to him? And, my son went into a state of shock, almost like a trance. Tears fell from his eyes, as he mouthed the word ouch repeatedly.. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My heart filled with so much hate. I finally got him to speak to me and he told me that the grandmother's boyfriend had sodomized my son and performed oral sex on him 😢😢😢I took him to the dr... they said it was there was nothing they could do because the physical damage wasn't visible.  A year later, another incident happen with my son's and I grew tired... I called ACS (children protective services) for help... they told me his removal would be temporary. They lied! I battled a whole year to get my son back. The judge called me unfit and unstable, and threatened to remove my other children because of my own abuse. It was also revealed during the case that the boyfriend was a registered  level 3 sex offender 😢😢😢 and, the grandmother knew all along. During the time that my oldest son was away, I discovered my second son (7) directing my  daughter (3) and son (4) to perform oral sex one another. And just like that, all of my children had been tainted. The last two years have been the hardest... intense therapy for all the children, separate sleeping quarters, video monitors in their rooms etc..I am happy to say there hasn't been anymore instances thus far but it is something that I will always watch for and fear.Thank you for allowing me to tell my stories... these last two days have been more therapeutic for me than all my years in therapy.