When reporting what happened did anyone refuse “the kit”? If so, did your report get mishandled and disregarded?I had been struggling with a few different things during the time my assault happened. I was 17, was reported to the police as possibly missing by my mom, I got home very late. When asked where I was I just said I fell asleep in my car because of stress. The next day I go to work and try to hold on. I was messing up at work and couldn’t contain myself anymore. I asked to go on break and then called my at the time boyfriend and confessed what happened. He blamed me for what happened, said I should have been more careful. By the time I’m done with my phone call my break is up. That was the first time I had ever asked to leave work. My mom and I are very close, and I felt I needed her more than ever and to keep this from her was guilting me. I also did not want her to think I was carrying on the family assault. It’s awful. I get home and my mom is in my room, she has her phone on record mode and she’s going through my room. I tell her I know it’s on record, I’m going to say I don’t care. I say we need to talk.. and we walk to her room and I lay on her bed and I said everything... I laid it all out. At the end she asks that I report it. I refuse and she said she would feel better if I did. So, I give it another day. I finally agree and we drive at night to the police station. My mom hands them her phone and says here is her confession. I did not know she got my whole confession on tape. She didn’t mean to, but she realized she did. Once they heard it and heard my statement: they did not believe me because the person was well known and his position in the state, they did not believe. So they sent me to the hospital to get a kit done. They were about to do it, and I went in alone, told my mom I wanted to do it alone. And that’s when I said, no. I know what I went through I know what happened. It was not rape, so why do the kit? Why put me through more agony? They have my clothes, my pants and underwear from that night. I left a tissue of evidence and told the cops where to go, and they got it, so I refused. Meanwhile I end up going to a treatment center in IL and my mom is battling the state because they did not believe me. My mom told me I was going to have a case against him, but little did I know she lied and what really happened is they dropped it entirely. I said no the first time to all of this, I should not need a kit to say no to and be denied entirely because I said no. THE GUY ADMITTED EVERYTHING. And said it was consensual. I was 17, he was 24-30. I worked with him and on thanksgiving after a fight with my parents, I sought help from someone who was a state rep, and who stood for protecting child rights. The state didn’t believe what happened to me because of what he claimed he stood for. He took advantage of someone who needed help.