I would like to share my story in hopes of helping someone out. When I was 18 I was set up by a friend who asked me out one night. He told me he would take me back home after we go out to eat. As we ordered our drinks, and food I excused myself to the restroom, when I returned I took a couple sips from my drink, and began talking to my friend. I started to feel funny, and I asked him if he could take me home, and he said no I will not be taking you home, but my friend will. I don't really remember much after that until I came to. I was laying in someone's bed, and I remember my head hurting so bad. I over heard someone talking about money, and how much they could make. They brought some younger girl in to show me how I should give a blow job, as she did it to one of the guys that was in the room. They then told me I had to dress a certain way, as I was so out of my mind from the drugs they made me take.. I really don't remember much, but as I laid on the floor of a trailer in the back of a car lot in a very bad area in Orlando, I remember waking up to different men having sex with me. I prayed so hard. My mom would get on my nerves trying to always be in my business at that time, but I thank God for that now because they would have used me until there was nothing left. My mother tracked down the people who she thought had a clue, and got the police involved, but the police told her if we want to report human trafficking that the organization is to big, and that if we didn't know all the names then we would have to go into hiding, or just walk away, and not say anything. So at this time at the place I was being held, the phone rang, and the man with the plan answered it, and told me it was for me. I didn't know what to think so I picked it up, and on the other end I could hear my mom's voice saying that she had something important to say, but she was to shook up to say it, so next I hear my dad, he sounded so sad, and he told me that the cops will be there shortly, and when they get there that I was not to say anything, just walk out, and that they would be there shortly. Well that's not how it worked, when the police arrived they asked me my name, and I don't remember anything as I was without water or food for days, and they just kept me drugged. I tried to walk out the door but I was blinded by the many police vehicles that had there flashing lights on.. I tried to grab onto something, and the first thing I grabbed was a police officer as I felt like I was about to fall, and she helped by slamming me to the ground, and her back up squad beat me in the back with night sticks. I was arrested for resisting arrest with violence. My first charge, and I was offered 5 yrs paper, but I ended up doing 3 out, and 1 in. I have a lot of information that can help anyone if you would like to ask me any questions I will do my best to answer. Bless all of you!!