A small part of me feels like it’s wrong to post , because for me I’ve never been raped or attacked physically by a stranger, or molested since I was young by a loved one. I’ve not had it as bad as other women and I know that. But I also know that any amount of sexual harassment or assault is not okay. Being flirted with while I’m working isn’t okay, especially after I’ve mentioned I have a long time boyfriend of over 8 years. Being cat called while I walk down the street isn’t okay. Having men constantly tell me that I have a pretty smile and should smile for them more isn’t okay. Being harassed and called a “fat b*tch” when I reject their invite to go out sometime isn’t okay. Being groped in high school by one of my “best friends” isn’t okay- even though we all laughed about it and shrugged it off as “well that’s something that he does to his female friends, it’s funny.” Having my bra undone in school by the same friend, who then acts as if he scored a touch down by doing so, isn’t okay. This same friend is still a friend today, and every time I see him he grabs or slaps my butt and laughs about it, cause I’m such a cool chick who lets him do stuff like that. These stories are just the tip of the iceberg. And up until recently I quietly accepted them, even tho every time someone touched me or called after me made my chest heavy and stomach drop; even tho it killed my sex life with my boyfriend because even when I’m in the mood I have a hard time feeling wanted or comfortable, so we never do anything. I just feel used and I hate that, especially when I tell myself that it isn’t THAT big of deal, or it shouldn’t be. My friend never raped me, right? Nobody ever raped me, it was all just playful banter and words, right? So I should just get over it, right? No, I shouldn’t. I should be angry and upset that these people think they have control over my body in these ways. In words or physical touch. I should be furious that I’ve allowed men to control how I feel about myself and my relationship up until now. I have a wonderful and patient boyfriend who I’ve known for 10 years and dated for over 8, and for the past 5 or 6 I’ve let how other men look at me and define me control how I acted towards him. But not anymore. Because even though I may not have gone through something as traumatic as some women, I’ve still gone through things that were traumatic to ME. And I won’t let those things or those men define me anymore. And I know there’s many other women out there with similar stories. As women we need to stand together, link arms, and be strong for one another. Because we’re all we have. 