Confronting your abuser?!my experience... I did a few weeks ago hadn't seen my grandad since I disclosed 5 years ago I got no justice off the dpp but I got some from child protection services I kept thinking he was going to die and I never get to confront him for about a year I kept discussing it with my doctor counselors family no one really thought it was a good idea and there wasn't alot of survivors online saying yeah they did went swimmingly I'd brake down even thinking about doing it but the fear of walking down his road got to much for me so I said fuck it went to his house I brought my bro for safety he didn't say anything. My grandad answered the door it took him a moment to recognize me. I said calm we need to talk and he said you better come in.. I was very angry but was trying my best to stay calm I decided before I went in that I didn't want to hurt him. I said what have you got to say for yourself? And he said what about your lies.. I proceeded to tell me of all the times he abused me, my auntie, my cousin. And he said you made me do it. What? He said he was sleeping and I woke him up unbuckling his belt keep in mind I was 6 he said I told him if he didn't show me his Willy I'd tell me mammy he touched me? No this made my blood boil cause this is what he tells people but I had worked on this with my counselor and I said OK even if what your saying was true which it's not bit let's say it was a child blackmails you to see your penis and you think that's ok. And he said no it's not OK but you made. I start screaming other incidents that happen like it was a weekly occurance from age 6-12 I got very close to my grandad and I really wanted to hit him bit my bro touch my shoulder and I stood back and took a breath. My grandad says you were a very cute child. And I say what promiscuous? And he says no you always had to have 2 shots 2 gos we I'd be playing games with all the kids and you always had to have to 2 shots. In that moment I knew there is no point talking to this man he's not crazy or senial he's a fucking pervert and a pedophile he can't admit what he done and it's killing him that I tell every person I know that lives on his street he will never be able to hurt another child again... I walked out of that house with my head held high screaming you dirty pedophile at the top of my voice he can feel the shame now..!!!For few days after I was in my head thinking alot I was very up and down but I can't tell you the release I got from it like I go past his house nearly everyday and now I've no fucking fear of running into him.  #survivor #warrior #survivorofchildabuse #survivorofabuse #survivor #warrior #breakthesilence #youarenotalone #befree  #noshame #freedom #bebrave #nomoresecrets #lightattheendofthetunnel #therapy #recovery #survivorofchildabuse #adultsurvivorofchildhoodsexualabuse #ptsd #depression  #addiction #eatingdisorder #love #happy