well never been raped myself. I was lucky so far.For myself: 1. with 15, some old man sitting beside me, stroking my knee in the train - I was paralyzed with irritation and disgust2. with 16 someone reaching in between my legs at the marine zoo - in the darkness, never saw his face.3. with 16.Summer job. Male worker in his thirties showed me how to operate the computer - standing behind me, arms to my left and to my right worked the keyboard - quite full body contact. I didn't care that much, didn't realize anything very wrong, just slightly uncomfortable. But female collegues in the same office stopped him and told him not to do it that way again.4. with 18. Teacher of a school abroad, that I attended to learn a foreign language, came to my school, and was invited by my parents for dinner - started touching and stroking my knee during dinner under the table. I was emberassed and just ignored it. My boyfriend at the table as well realized it, and gave him a hard stare - so he stopped. My parents didn't notice, but we told them afterwards. BTW when I was abroad (with 16) he never tried to touch me. This was in some way the worst experience - as it was in my home, my sfe place, with mummy and daddy and boyfriend aside - and this didn't prevent the 5. mid twenties: very late evening at university: I thought I was alone, an older collegue entered, and asked me, why I always wear such oversized T-shirts " as You have such a nice shape body". I told him, he should better stop, this may be mistaken as sexual harrassment . He apologized a thousand times. He was embarassed. Now I think, it was really simply a thoughtless compliment at absolutely wrong place & wrongt time. But he scared me to death by this. We were all alone in a huge building. BTW: And guess WHY I was wearing oversized T-shirts - guess why, who knows? YES! Because I knew, I had a nice shape body - but still: the wide T-Shirts to mask this fact obviously didn't help! No points to this guy ;)6.&7. mid twenties.  twice waking up in the train from a short nap on my way home in the early afternoon, to find a man sitting opposite, masturbating- theses were two different men. But the reaction was similar: jumped up and fled out of the train when I opened my eyes.8. mid thirty: On my way home (6 p.m.), man hiding beside the pavement in the shadow, masturbating, following me. I ran to a supermarket and we called the police. Again scared to death, crying. At least I did react and try to catch him with the police.I think: that's it. Peanuts compared to rape and abuse. But quite some peanuts. And those who had really bad experiences they still have to fight with, won't mention such "trivialities". Most girls/women won't. But not mentioning them means, they are invisible to those, who don't experience ist. How can the good men, that are the absolut majority - at least in my surrounding - how can they understand the range of this problem, if no-one tells them? I get so angry, when they say 'seperate toilets for men and woman are obsolete", that hey are "portraied as monsters" being under "general suspicion".I'm fine with unisex toilets. With the collegues I know and trust. During day. When everything is crowded. But at night - when there are hardly any people around - well then I prefer not to meet a man at the toilet. That may scare me to death...sorry to all the good boys. You definitely pay for the bad ones. But please, please spare me your reproval. Please be at my side, to keep me safe. To give me shelter from the bad ones.Then there are continuously so many occasions, when I'm startled as I watch some man approaching a young, helpless girl in a typical manner - or a group of grown boys/young men. Then I try to help. Which is often difficult, as no-one wants to admit that anything is wrong. Because the 'touch' of knee by knee between elder man and girl (sitting so close in the waiting room) is really "accidental" - but I see him pressing his knee aside and her being paralyzed, not able to move - and I will go there and ask her, if she could get up to sit by my side, because I forgot my glasses and need someone to read to me some- whatever. And she will get up - relieved- thankful - and I will ask her (in safe distance) if she didn't feel uncomfortable with this body-contact. And as she agrees, I explain to her that she can be 'unpolite' and get up and change seat whenever she feels to. She need not endure, if she feels uncomfortable...  Such scenes happen too often. We have to help the young ones. You get older. You get more self confident. Men could help too, but they simply often underestimate the situation. It often starts so ... descrete. And indeed: regarding the law, this is 'nothing'.So I rank myself among the lucky ones. But I hope that men understand, what's going on. And I hope that they stop to protect the poor buddies that are wrongfully under general suspicion, but start to open their eyes. And understand that the protection of women is not 'against them' and their friends, and that accusation against individual men who did wrong is not ment against 'menfolk', but just against the bad ones. I don't know, how many of my friends have been raped. Probabely some.So why do men think that none of their friends has anything to do with harassment? Do you really think they would tell????... sorry for the longtext.