[LONG TEXT INCOMING][FRENCH IN COMMENTS].I was 6, maybe 5. I’m not even capable of remembering how many times it has happened, how long it lasted. Days, weeks, months, years ? I have no idea. Which is ridiculous when I can picture exactly some images, gestures, sounds, tastes. My memory is full of mysteries that I prefer not to know about. I don’t want to torture myself anymore.I couldn’t remember any of it until I was 11 or 12. My first crushes brought my first flashbacks with them. I can still feel it today, the intriguing taste of that first kiss, followed a few minutes later by a monumental slap in my face : it wasn’t the first. I wanted to scream, to throw up, to cry. Something broke inside of me at this exact moment, and it was only the beginning of a long and painful road of tears, aversion and hatred.I couldn’t tell my parents until I was 18. I didn’t want them to know because I didn’t want them to suffer. I did not want to burst with anger the family they founded with love. But at the same time, I wanted them to finally understand, so that they could support me. Selfishly, I also wished they would choose a side. They supported me in their way, but they could never make a choice between their children, and I can’t blame them for that even if it still hurts.I couldn’t help blaming myself until I was 19, after I figuratively slapped myself and went to a doctor to talk about the depression I had been dragging around for so long.Today I am 22. I am indulgent with myself, I can talk about what happened to me without crying (well, obviously not right now but you get the idea), and I still have a long way to go. And I think that I took a step forward today, sharing my story here with total strangers without caring that people I know could read it too. I think that what did not kill me is finally beginning to make me stronger. It was about time.I’ve wanted justice for years, until I understood that justice would never bring me what I want. That nobody would ever sentence so many years later a boy who was 12 at the time only based on vague memories, even if he was scholastically 3 years ahead of children his age and under the influence of 15-years-olds, even in an era where free pornography is and was already accessible to anyone capable of ticking the case saying « I am 18 or older », even in a society where boys are raised thinking they have to have sex to fit in. Because in France today, we can’t see that a teen has access to these images and could be tempted to reproduce them, and a loud minority wearing pink and blue still refuses that we give sexual education to our children. They’re scared of what sexual education might inspire to kids. I’m scared of what no sexual education might continue to inspire them.