Thought I'd share my story... It's happened on 2 seperate occasions with 2 different men so bare with me (1st occasion) I was 13 years old on holiday with my family... It was a Tuesday at roughly 7:45pm (we was on a cruise) and we just left the French coast and I saw this crew member who was very very friendly with me.... He had just finished duty and invited me down somewhere... Naive little me went with him... Only to find out he was taking me to his cabin completely off bounds to guests.... I froze... But eventually he made me go down there.... He took me into his room (God knows how we didn't get caught) and he played some music and grabbed my face and forced me to start kissing him... He took pictures of me.... I ran to the door scared and upset and he kept grabbing me and because my voice was gradually raising and he obviously didn't want to get caught he let me go (long story short this is by the way) we told staff and they promised he was fired and would never be allowed to work on board one of their cruise ships ever again..... He's now back on board their ships as a waiter.... (2nd time.... I was 14) Okay so me and my best friend was really close obviously and I got a chance to meet my best friends dad.... Anyway me and my best friends dad (we will call him Paul as I don't want to reveal his real name) me and Paul was making general chit chat and he was telling me about how he got sexually abused as a child which lead me to talk to him what happened to me when I was 13 (story above) to find out we had a lot in common.... He grew attracted to me but as I was 14 I knew this was wrong so I kept telling him to try and get rid of these feelings... Anyhow he couldn't get rid of these feelings and I eventually grew quite found of him as he was giving me all this positive attention which is lacking elsewhere.... And of course naive little me went along with it and we ended up having sex (I lost my virginty to him) he was a 38 year old man.... I knew this was wrong but was scared of leaving him as he had suicidal tendencies and I wasn't going to responsible for someone's death so when the police was enquiring about me and him (as people was getting suspicious) I covered mine and his back and eventually the police backed off and dropped the case.... I 'cheated' on him with my a lad my age (he's now my ex) to get out but we must of had sex about 20 times over and now it's affecting me in terms of certain things remind me off him.... Last I heard of him he's still living his life as normal and been dating women his own age I was sexually bullied in my first year of college by who I thought was my made.... She assumed I was pregnant and made me do a pregnancy test in a busy public toilet with the door wide open so everyone could see me... I was scared of this girl because she had bullied me previously and knocked my self esteem so low..... But yeah that's the story of me!!!Share your stories guys and gals! Don't be shamed !!