:  I was sexually abused by my mother and her boyfriends from ages 6-8, then later in life at age 19, I was raped by a co-worker.  I was so ashamed, I didn't share the incident with my husband for 2 weeks.  We were having problems in our marriage, he accused me of having an affair (because I felt differently) so I ended up forced to inform him of the rape and do the one thing I dreaded doing, calling the police.  I wasn't treated as a victim of a violent crime by the police I was treated as whore that was out getting her kicks and that I fabricated the story to get my husband back (as if being raped would make him come running back).  I was told I was lying because; I no longer had the clothes I was wearing, I had no marks and I was too hysterical after 2 weeks had past. I was probably asking for it the way I was dressed (sweats and a black t-shirt are so provocative).  I soon regretted calling them.  The cops and my husband made me feel ashamed that I had been violated, instead of helping me.  I looked at the officers dead in the eye and told them "This is why woman don't call the cops in these situations, but handle things on a street level."  Told them they were nothing but chauvenist pigs, and sent them on their way.  After that day, I endured 2 years of physical, mental and emotional abuse and even rape by my husband (which I never reported due to the prior incident). I believe he held a grudge against me for the initial rape, and took it out on me on a daily. I lost my strength, my independence, my self esteem and my desire to have any meaningful relationship.  I fully understand why women stay silently.  The fear of judgement is paralyzing, as is second guessing yourself.  Enough people tell you it was your fault, you tend to believe it and second guess your own mind.  This happened almost 30 years ago, it took me 25 years to realize I needed help and to get counceling.  That is not an easy thing to do, just as writing this is not easy either.  She empowered me, we worked through the horrors that haunted me, and I found out how to be strong again, how to raise my self esteem, how to be independent.  IF my story or my recovery can help even one person not be afraid to stand up then so be it, let me put myself out there.   On a side note, I am now working on my Masters in Criminal Justice and I emphasize in all of my CJ classes, that officers need more training on empathy, things are not always as they look.Thank you for having this forum for us to gather, discuss and share safely