I'm actually a child sexual abuse survivor. There's a link to my story on my profile for those who are interested. I wanted to actually share something that happened to me two weeks ago and how the laws in my state are horrible! Sorry in advance for the long post!I had to go to TJ Maxx by my house and was at the far right corner of the front of the store looking for what I needed. There was a family of four nearby, two other gentlemen looking through things, and me. I was looking through the items when I realized there was a man standing close to me and I could see out of the corner of my eye that he was staring at me and wouldn’t take his eyes off of me. I think as females, most of us deal with this every so often and we just know that some men are disrespectful and have no shame in showing their interest in you, even if it makes you uncomfortable. Sometimes they could follow you around the store, go down the aisles you’re in, stare, etc. I didn’t think anything of it, but it started making me really uncomfortable. I was at the end of the stand and he was to my left. I was crouched down looking through the items and he was standing and he was looking down at me. All of a sudden, I hear him making noises and I believe I was standing at the moment and just looked at him like, “Okay, guess he talks to himself or something.” I kept looking through things and he kept making the noises and kept looking at me and I definitely did not want to make more eye contact with him in fear of giving him the wrong impression. I happen to look at what he was even doing and I realized his hands were in his pockets and he was touching himself through his pants pockets. I was beyond disgusted, I felt dirty, grossed out, and I just took the stuff I had and went to pay. I honestly didn’t know what to feel or how to feel. I think I was mostly in shock and in disbelief. I called my husband who was nearby at a restaurant with his father watching a football game, but I quickly hung up because it was my turn to cash out. I decided to just go on to the next store and I was trying to play it cool but couldn’t. I texted my husband and told him I felt like I could just die. I told him what had happened and I started crying in the store pretending to look through the clothing racks. He said he was on his way. When he finally got to where I was he said he wanted to go back to TJ Maxx and see if we could find him. He was LIVID. My husband is the biggest sweetheart, he isn’t mean, he’s friendly, very sociable, and has a great demeanor. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him this mad. His face was red and his breathing even changed. We walked around the store and the guy had left but I remember what he looked like and so my husband kind of knew what to look for. We went to another store to look around for things and when we left that store the man had just passed by. I told him that that was the guy and we followed him into a store. I told him to stay behind and see if he would do it again or do it to someone else, but the man seemed to think the store was too small, couldn’t find a good spot, or didn’t find anyone he liked. He kept looking at his phone too. He left the store and we followed.By this time, my husband said he needed to approach him and I told him I was not going into Target with him because I was scared he would end up hurting the guy and I didn’t want to be there for it. My husband took off after the guy in Target and I went back to the store and looked around. After a while, I left the store and had texted my husband twice with no answer. I sat down at a bench and was thinking the worst. I thought he could be in Target and there could have been an altercation or something since I wasn’t getting an answer. I finally see my husband walking out with the guy, walking fast, and my husband is just yelling and cursing in his face. I run after them and the guy had taken off walking across the parking lot and I asked my husband what happened and he said the guy won’t be back again. I didn’t notice that the Target security guard and a Target employee had followed my husband out and he told me he had caught the guy doing it to another lady at the back of the store. I lost it. I started crying because it was confirmed and the little bit of hope I had of maybe thinking I saw the wrong thing or that it really wasn't what I saw was gone. My husband surprised the guy and the guy got scared and started walking fast out of the store and apologizing. My husband had told the employee to call security and then he called the mall security. The guy got into his gray Infiniti and the security guard got a picture of his plate and the make and model of his car. His face is all over surveillance video in Target and TJ Maxx.We had to go back into Target and wait on the police. Here’s the part that angers me the most. We spoke to the police officer, he took our IDs, we explained what happened, and he left to make some calls. He asked what I wanted out of this. What would anyone else want? I want this guy to stop doing this to ANYONE. I want him to get in trouble for it. Yesterday, it was masturbating in front of women in public. Today, it could be he touches someone inappropriately, tomorrow he could rape someone, and so on. These are stepping stones. For some disgusting pigs, the more they can get away with, the more they want to try and see what else they can get away with. The police officer came back and said that there is NOTHING in any laws in Florida that state what he did was a crime. The only possible thing could be that he did it to someone under the age of 16 or if he had exposed himself. So in this state, it is okay for a man to find a woman he likes in public and get off on how she looks. That is unacceptable and disgusting. I don’t even know if he has any images of me or of any other women in his phone. The only thing we were able to do is have him banned from the shopping center and if he is caught there, he will get charged with trespassing. Regardless, we gave our thanks to the police officer and to the Target employees who helped us. The Target employees and police officer couldn’t understand how my husband was able to keep his composure, but said they were glad he did because he would’ve gone to jail. I just want people to be aware of their surroundings and if you see something or if it happens to you, say something. Maybe laws in your state are different and something could be done and it SHOULD be done. 