 Who was your #HarveyWeinstein? As for me, the first one was my step grandfather when I was a baby til I turned twelve. He would lift me from the bed as I was sleeping (grandma and everyone else were asleep and snug in bed) take me to the kitchen, lay me on the kitchen table where we ate hours later with our family, or take me into the bathroom to assault me. Sometimes he'd wait hiding in/outside the door of the bathroom to assault me.Another was a federal prosecutor sent to champion civil rights for my murdered friends when I was a teen victim and witness of two murders by a racist serial killer in Liberty Park. He said if I told anyone about the sexual assaults he inflicted on me for several weeks before, during and after the trial, the killer would be released on a mistrial and would be free to kill again.Then later in 2014 when the prosecutor became a Chief Justice Federal Judge, I was able to get a recorded admission and gave it to the Sean Reyes, Utah's Attorney General Office, only to be misled and betrayed for years, when they had SECURITY FRAUD INVESTIGATORS investigate the abuse, even though they have a special investigative unit for child sex crimes, didn't even interview the predator (they didn't want to incriminate him) and gave the evidence to the predator (but withheld it from me) so he could retire early with a $203,000 pension and escape all accountability. I was told they wouldn't press charges against their judicial brother because the sexual assaults were misdemeanors. After I found out and protested, they retaliated and placed my transcribed interviews with NO REDACTION of personal information on their website. They gave the predator and the press this information before they gave it to me.Now I am, again, at the mercy of an Attorney General Office that behaved more like they represented the predator. I am currently waiting for the predator enabler to write an Amicus Brief supporting the law that allows victims like me to seek civil damages against the predators who abused us.Think about that for a minute. It has been brought to my attention that if I upset or anger the Utah Attorney Generals office, the Amicus Brief will be weak and my case and others like mine are at risk. This familiar place of being held hostage to predators and their enablers is OUTRAGEOUS and never ending.The Utah Legislature was given 14 days to submit an Amicus Brief supporting my case being heard by the Utah Supreme Court. This is considered a very short amount of time, but they graciously accommodated the time frame given. The UAGO has been given more than two months to submit theirs and still haven't submitted it.Honestly, I feel held hostage by this state victim resources sometimes. They have never followed protocol or victims rights with me and are withholding my GRAMA requests in an effort to silence me and play the constant game of keep away, til I either go away or kill myself. Statistics show that the odds are in their favor.I've learned throughout my life that authority figures and powerful predators tend to have powerful enablers who trade victims like baseball cards. Lucky for them that victims rights aren't enforceable.#GoodOldBoys don't care about victims or future victims when they can cash in on favors or donations to thwart justice for the victims left with the consequences of the predators crimes.I could go on with more examples of bosses, teachers and exes but you get the picture. There are too many silenced victims and people turning a blind eye to further selective justice. #HoldThemAccountable #utpolThank you Kaz Weida for seeing the injustice and reporting the truth while local news mostly ignores it.