I grew up Pentecostal, the long skirts, no make-up, no rock n roll. I went to Christian school til I was 14. I had no clue what the real world held. I truly was innocent. When I was 16 my cousin and her boyfriend asked me to go riding around. I thought it was cool to hang with her. She smoked cigarettes very cool to me. She gave me a drink I asked what it was, she said lemonade. It actually was PGA and pink lemonade. I didn't know til later. I learned to trust no one after this. We picked 2 guys that were friends of her boyfriend, I truly barely remember it. Next thing I know we were in a field and my cousin and her boyfriend were walking off. I remember sitting on the trunk. Next thing I know, I'm laying on the ground. One had my arms pinned the other was pulling my pants off. I was screaming NO!! I tried fighting but I wasn't strong enough. I was a virgin. I lost my virginity, my dignity, my self worth. I lost me. The next thing I remember is my mom picking me up in the front yard. I was covered in blood, semen, mud, my clothes ripped. I begged mom not to call the cops. I passed out. When I woke up I got in a bath and scrubbed and scrubbed but I couldn't get the grossness off me. My shoulder hurt on my left, I looked down I had a tattoo!! I don't know when I got it!! So I carried around my mark of shame. I fell deep into depression. My mom sent me off to a institution. I wouldn't eat. All I did was try and wash the nasty feeling off. My therapist said it was best I was drunk. That if I had fought back more I could've been hurt. I hated myself for being drunk. I could've fought back or I wouldn't have been in the situation.... I still cry and feel helpless. But I've told my kids, my niece's so that maybe they never find themselves in my position. I then married a man at 21 that beat and raped me for 14 years. I thought I deserved it. I'm 43 and still in therapy. But I am remarried to a wonderful man that loves me and treats me good and understands that sometimes I can't be touched.Thanks for this outlet. ❤️😫