First, thank you for giving us a safe place to express our feelings. I noticed a post from someone I do not know that posited whether the tweet by Alyssa Milano was too broad. Her tweet said "Suggested by a friend: If all the women who have been sexually harassed or assaulted wrote "" as a status, we might give people a sense of the magnitude of the problem." Alyssa Milano posted today she was informed that  was used in the past by Just Be, Inc. to raise awareness. They were founded in 2006.The stranger's post reads:*Edited: I mistakenly posted two of the exact same quotes. My apologies for not noticing.“Interesting thought...when you say  are you referencing sexual assault? Sexual harassment? Sexism? They are all very different...wondering what people are actually "metoo-ing" about...This article shows the original post. 'Write me too if you've been a victim of sexual harassment or sexual assault.'While they all can fall under the same umbrella of inappropriate behavior, I don't have personal experience with all of these. I think its fair to say MOST women have fallen victim to sexism. But I would never claim to understand what's it's like to be raped or pressured for sexual favors in the workplace when all I know and have experienced is sexism and maybe some unwanted advances in the bar back in the day...which are both still not ok.That being said, any and all of it is obviously a huge problem, and I'm glad people are talking about it.I thought for a second about posting on her status but was too afraid to engage. And, she did mention that she was glad that people are talking about it.Moments later I noticed that a high school friend had replied to another friend's post with "What does say me too mean anyway. Some women think being called sweetie is an assault. Let's just agree that men ca be pigs but it's not and never will be the same as being sexually assaulted or raped!!! Anyone can say me too. Let's not diminish those that have suffered an assault or been raped because a man said something inappropriate!! And a man can be sexually assaulted and raped as well. SMH"I replied without forethought "  is a trigger for me. However, I believe that if we keep silent nothing will change. Yes, there is a spectrum, but who is to say that a person showing their genitals to a child is not as bad as rape? Or, that a person who touches another person in any way that makes them uncomfortable is not as bad as another form of harassment? A slap on the rear, a grab of the breast, a tongue in the mouth, etc., etc. And, for that matter, how bad was the rape? Was it while drugged, drunk or otherwise incapacitated? Was is by a family member? Was it by a stranger? Was it someone they were dating? Was it by more than one person? Does it matter? People can say  and have it mean the worst thing that has ever happened to them. My list is long and includes some of the things questioned above as well as many other instances that have made me feel damaged. I don't intend this to be mean, especially to you, (friend). I'm just presenting my side of my story. This is about power and I don't want them to have it anymore." I hope that I will not be afraid any longer and to speak out when I feel I have to and that I will one day no longer feel damaged.