long post alertEvery week before the 15th of January I begin the journey of mourning the death of my mother. I was 17 when I held her in my arms and with my little brother Innocent we felt her take her last breathe. I had scratches and marks over my body but no body knew what happened. I couldn't tell my mother that she needed to stick around longer  because i needed her.. My mother was dying and being village people her family could no longer help with the medical bills. We were being kicked out of our apartment  so my moms family came with a truck and took everything except me and my cousins. They left us with 2 mattresses and a few things as we were still going to high school.  anyway a few days later i get a phone call saying we should go to the village because my mom wasn't getting any better but we had no money to get us there. so I said i would borrow from a friend who i knew had a small video library  (for renting movies) and we would pay him back. I went to his work place which wasnt far from our house and told him my mom was dying and i needed to borrow some money to go be with her. He said he didn't have any cash at the moment but that i could come back next morning to get it. I go back the next morning and the place is closed. I call him and and he says he is down with a fever he cant come to work but if i really need the money I Should go to his house and pick it up.  Some may say, "that should have been a sign", but I say,  this was my friend. That i trusted completely! it wasn't some stranger I didn't know. He knew were we lived , he knew my mom. He was a young father as well with a little girl. Anyway I went. I remember clearly what i wore that day. A pair of blue jeans with a short sleeved dress.Getting there, He invites me in and Offers me tea i accept water which is a coming  thing to do for a guest back in my country. He excuses himself to go use the bathroom (most houses were built like that with communal bathrooms. When he got back he locked the door with a key. I told him i wasn't comfortable with him doing that. He told me i was beautiful. I told him to open the door because i needed to go. He began to pull his belt off and i could hhear myself freaking out!  I couldn't believe what was happening.I tried to make for the door and he grabbed me and tried to tie me up with his belt. i kicked and fought and screamed and he hit me so hard i couldn't feel my face. he lifted me and threw me on his bed and when i tried screaming again he punched me over and over. he ran off and grabbed a knife and then placed his hands on my throat the knife besides me. he squeezed  my neck so tight that i couldn't believe i was screaming and nothing was coming out, i'd lost my voice and no one could hear me.  he knelt on my pelvic area and he whispered in my ears and i quote, "if you try to fight me or scream one more time, i am going to stab you and cut you  into tiny little pieces and dispose of you in the tank on top of building!".Note that this was one of those 2 storied buildings that had only  the bottom floor completed with tenants living in while the top floor was still under construction. and he as well had a 1 bedroom houseHis  weight over my slim body (and he was plus size man) and the pressure from the pain and for a minute i passed out. i woke up to feeling and watching myself violated, knife next to me in his hand and i cried. he had pulled off my pants and he had his way with me. i kept telling myself your mother is dying, that hurts more. my escape:  his phone rang, it must have been someone important, i always think maybe the mother of his daughetr or mom i dont know, because he took off fast leaving the door closed but unlocked. that is when i put my pants on and ran as fast as i could to the police station. i told them i wanted to report a rape and they sat  me down to wait until someone was available to take my statement. almost 3 hours of waiting and finally a female officer  took my statement. she asked me to go to a clinic whose address she gave me and told me to take 25.000 shs to get a rape kit done. i had no moneyI  i was in this position because of  NOT having money and i wasnt getting any justice because i didnt have it. so i had to walk over 2 hours to go ask my aunt that lived outside the city center for help and all she gave me was the exact UGX 25.000 which was about 12 US dollars at the time.  I had to walk 2 hours back and it was getting dark , i hated the skin i was wearing  i hated myslef i just wanted to wash this feeling off.  so i kept the 25.000 for my rape kit and decided to use it as transport to go see my dying mother and walked back home only to find that mf at my house. i told my couseins what had happened and we sent him away . i spent hours scrabbing myself trying to celan off this feeling.  I was 17 and my mother was dying. and so it goes on and on. people asked what happened when i got to the village and i said i had an accident but i know they must have known because my cousins must have told but nobody helped me get justice.It was the 8th of January 2007 that makes me say . my mother died a week later on the 15th of January 2007 and the old Naive, trusting me died with her. I did not dress up in a way that asked for this, i had a bald head for fuck's sake, u know how school grooming requires it in Uganda, but i guess i went through too much hell all at once that what i have now feels like heaven. sharing my story isn't so i get pity. its to show that just because someone takes long to speak about their experiences with sexual abuse, doesn't mean it didn't happen. I am stronger than before, I'm smarter , and I am a happy person and i have my beautiful family to show for it.