I was first molested at 3 by my older sister. I told my mom and she punished my sister but the damage was already done. I remember it being so manipulative and she was "nice" to me trying to get me to take my clothes off and get in bed with her. At 5, I watched my older sister molest little boys in her bedroom. I'm not sure how she led them in there. Neighbors' kids. When I turn 7 and 8 my older sister would beat me, mentally and emotional abuse me. Mostly yelling at me calling me stupid, ugly, useless and made me clean the entire house while she yelled. My mom would leave for weeks at a time for her job and left me with that monster. She threatened to kill me several times.I was then raped at 17 but I didn't think it was that at the time. I blamed myself for being there at his house without his parents home.I tried to get help when I was an adult....go to a psychiatrist, but my mom was against it because she thought I should go see a spiritual priest instead. I didn't tell her I was going because of being molest it. I mean, I told her when it happened. But, I was just afraid she would support the monster if I reminded her and I would be even worse a mess. I never got supported and the abuse continued until I stopped talking to my entire family just this year. My entire family is sick and abusive one way or the other. Judgmental, passive aggressive behavior that would constantly trigger me to believing I was nothing and incapable of taking care of myself. I was diagnosed with PTSD and my psychiatrist literally told me to stop communicating with them because my medication wasn't working. It was a huge relief to hear because for the first time ever, someone was on my side and gave me permission to walk away. So, I stop talking to them for a few weeks but, I went back to talking them feeling guilty. You know you get people that say, "That's your mom. You should always speak to her. She gave birth to you." Yeah, but she also supported an abuser and continued to do so. Now, I'm 41 with one daughter and alone. And, it all started cuz I was molested, physically, mentally and emotionally abused. I rather be alone than to deal with that ever again.