I wasn’t going to do a me too post at first, however, with the posts that I’ve seen from men, I have decided to share. The guys seem to somehow think that this is something that women are blowing out of proportion. It’s not!! Women have to deal with unwanted cat calls, staring, intimidation, and aggression all the time. For some reason, certain men seem to think that it’s somehow flattering to be sexualized by them. I’m sorry sir, it’s not. It makes women uncomfortable. With that being said, I am not surprised at all by the number of women who have decided to come out and share their stories.  Honestly, I think that almost every woman has one or two.  We become immune to it and accept bad behavior as the norm. This needs to stop.I won’t mention all of the moments when men have made me feel uncomfortable by trying to hit on me in a way that made my flesh crawl(that would take too long).  As a woman you learn to redirect the conversation or move away. On a few occasions, I have not been able to redirect or leave. When I was 14, a friend’s brother punched me in the face and tried to  assault me in my living room. When I was in my 20’s, I was in my attorney’s office where he attempted to grope me and lock me in his office. A few years after that, a former supervisor kept calling me on my extension saying highly inappropriate things. One day, my boyfriend at the time, had to threaten him after he followed me to my house.  I never reported it because I didn’t want to risk losing my job.  Many years later, a male coworker  went through personal pictures I had on my phone and sent them to his phone. I found out through another employee  that he had been showing them to other coworkers.  I reported him to my supervisor and he suggested I let it go because i would be pretty much be put on trial. I agreed. I was promised that he would be removed because of his actions. He wasn’t, I was transferred. The other night my daughter and I talked about an incident she went through in college.  At the time, we weren’t sure how to approach it because of the man’s position.  I didn’t know what to tell her to do. She decided not to say anything because she didn’t want to risk being shunned or terminated. Based on my past experiences, I supported her decision. Women have to prove that they didn’t deserve the abuse while the men are treated like the victims.  This needs to end.  Victims need to speak up. Women need to hold each other up and teach our daughters they don’t have to accept it and our boys that it’s not ok! We should not have to carry shame for someone else’s transgressions. Speak out!!