Not many men are commenting here because not many men comment about this stuff at all.  Ever.In 20% of reported child molestation cases, the victim is male, according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’ Children’s Bureau report Child Maltreatment 2010.The National Crime Victimization Survey: In asking 40,000 households about rape and sexual violence, the survey uncovered that 38% of incidents were against men.We don't really know the numbers because men and women each have different reasons for keeping silent - and some of the same reasons.I was accosted by a potential adoptive brother when I was young.  He learned his perversions from his father, from whom he had been removed, hence the potential adoption. I knew what he was doing was wrong, and I went rather soon to my parents.  The boy was gone the next day.  I am so sorry for those of you who had to go through this for an extended period, and with a family member.  I wish I had a time machine to visit and protect each one of you at specific intervals.I've been "sexually harassed" many, many times as an adult, too. As a male teacher, I've been vagina-flashed intentionally and repeatedly, I've had boobs placed on me. I've had mothers flat-out ask me to bed in exchange for grades. I even had one mother who, when I complained about her daughter's advances said, "That's OK, Honey. Maybe I'm more your age.  You know where we live."  My best friend, working in the HVAC industry, has uncountable harassment/groping stories, too. All we married men who take our vows seriously or abstinent men who think with our big heads have our share of unwanted sexual advance stories, too.Sometimes, most often accidentally, we speak only of the women for whom this is a reality. Some men are filthy beasts, but some women are, too. Often we look at perverted men as sexual predators, but perverted women as merely passionate tigresses or cougars. Let's stop talking about only evil men and start talking about a way to protect ALL people from ALL violent and perverse criminals.  It's not a male or female problem, but a human problem.