  I know you guys have been seeing this on Facebook and I have been wondering when my heart was ready to open up and talk about all this. Apparently, its on a plane to Disney World. This year, I have been talking to as many women as possible about their experiences with love, life and sex (OMG taboo!!) I have learned so much from hearing their stories and what they have been through to discover themselves. I appreciate it so much. As women, we are conditioned to be pink. As women, we are conditioned to be a wife. As women, we are conditioned to be a mom. As women, we are conditioned to be part of the support team and not the lead. I don't consider myself a feminist, labels aren't my thing unless its the Poop Queen. I just believe as humans, we have the power to change lives. We have the power to change our lives, we have the power to love others and build belief in others. I am grateful that I was raised by a father that believed in me. He told me I could do anything I set my mind to. He told me that I could be the President of the United States if I wanted too. Being raised with such great belief has given me the strength to chase my dreams, believe in myself and that I know I deserve a big life of whatever I want and put my mind to. Not all girls are this lucky to have such an amazing dad. My dad also taught me that there are two types of dudes: dogs and men. He told me many men are dogs and that I am better off alone than with a dog. Wow. Powerful. Think about that for a minute. Dogs belong in the dog house not YOUR house. Talking with all these ladies out there, we sure have a lot of experience with dogs don't we? Unfortunately, it takes an experience with a dog to decide you want a man and aren't willing to waste your time any longer on a dog. I know so many men out there are like my dad and others that are incredible beacons of light and have strong moral character and integrity and support (and uplift!) women. My hats off to you, thank you. Spread the world men! Women truly are the world's greatest untapped resource!!!! But back to the ME TOO.....Have you ever looked at the definition of misogyny? It literally means in Greek to hate women. When men sexually objectify women, they are hating on women. When men lure women in with the purpose of sleeping with them, you are hating on women. When you lie to get what you want, you are on hating women. When men treat women as conquests, you are hating on women. When you are deceitful to a women, you are hating on women. I could go on but you get the point....and if you don't...please let me smack you right quick. For those men above, if you have a sister, daughter or female friend....shame on you!!! Do you want this done to the women in your life??? Do you want your daughter coming to you crying because a man did something to her....something that YOU are doing to other women as well????I have had the unfortunate experience lately of seeing these types of men first hand. I hate seeing this in my community because there is not a place for it. I have zero tolerance for this behavior now. There is a Japanese Proverb that says....if you are unsure of the character of a man, look at his friends.Ladies, women, girls, females, babes......we have worked too damned hard and made it this damn far to allow this type of behavior in men. I stand with you when you say NO to the dogs out there. You are worthy of a partner that treats you with respect, integrity and that has character.To my ladies, you are Wonder Women. You have the power to conquer the world and be anyone you want to be.The scars from that the ME TOO have left on you, on us...together we can heal, we can share stories together, we can grow from them and we can be stronger. We can teach the next generation that we have the ability to change the world!!!And hey....I will lighten the mood a bit with this pic. Sunday morning at camp, all our stuff froze overnight....gear, shoes, shoe laces, wetsuits....and our bras. It literally froze in this shape. BURRR.