I'm 42 years old this year, and I have been in therapy since I was a child because the abuse had started in my infancy.  I don't make this post for the comments, or the added support, I'm creating this post in the hope that my story can lend power to YOUR voice!  I suffer from daily complications of PTSD that was induced due to the situations of my abuse. In order to reduce the emotions I am currently dealing with in order to create this post, I will only state the ages and offenders. 6mo old, my step-grandfather Bill. 5yr old, my babysitters son. 8yr old, my other step-grandfather Bob. 10yr old, My biological grandfather. (INTO FOSTER CARE) 12 1/2yr old raped by my foster brother and his five friends. 18yr old, biological grandfather attempts for the second time and received a blow to his ego....when I told him that his actions towards me as a child made me gay and he could keep his tiny flaccid penis, or put it up his own ass, He'd get off faster that way. Needless to say I was branded a liar and a trouble maker......It's all golden, truth always finds the light. Now, I'm a full time, hands on, don't take my eyes off my kids type of mom. I don't do babysitters, and don't trust no man, aside from my gay best friend and life partner. Throughout my journey I have realized many things about myself.....1. My sexuality, or lack thereof does not define me nor take from my worth!2. My past is exactly that...it may have pushed me where I started .....but it doesn't dictate where I go from here and into the future.3. Guilt holds you down, it's what gives voice to the ideals that you cannot achieve higher than where you came from. 4. That guilt isn't yours to pick up! You didn't ask for it to happen, nor did you give permission to be abused in such a manner. 5. Remember to love yourself daily .....for being a #SURVIVOR and not giving up, where others haven't had the strength and have given in. 6. Demons can only hurt you if you try to hide them, #LiveYourtruth 7. Saying, "I only act out like this because I have PTSD" is an excuse and it's a "learned" survival tactic called manipulation...Just own ur bad behaviors and actively #Changetomakeyoubetter( We are all survivors, I hope my story helps you to step into the light of yours.🤗😚)