I had never felt more empowered than I did when I participated in the March in Hollywood. Though I cried on and off the entire day, I never felt more connected or less un alone then I did during the march . Though I never lived with my mother or father, I would see my dad on weekends and before I was old enough to tie my shoes or sing my ABC’s my dad was Sharing me with his friend on Saturday then take me to church on Sunday.When I was four yrs old I told my grandfather , but wasn’t believed . He asked my dad, my dad said no and that was the end of the questioning .My dad a fireman retaliated by telling me if I told again he would burn the house down , killing me & everyone in the house . I quickly learned to be silent , yet it would come out in  nightmares of me being gang raped and burned alive.What six-year-old has nightmares of being gang raped and burned alive .I blocked it out until I left my abusive husband , and at first thought I was crazy to think my dad would do such a thing . When I could no longer deny it , I blamed myself , I thought I was born bad , and my dad was my victim that I made him hurt me , after all I was a bad seed , my mom had told me since my earliest memories that I was nothing nobody just a little tramp that would never amount to anything , therefore I felt I was born bad , and no matter how hard I tried to be gd , I was a bad seed , who made my daddy do bad things to me .Yrs later I’d discover my dad and his friend had great numerous boys also at a youth group they taught at a local church. My mom told everyone I was s liar until a detective confronted her with other victims , then she said get over it was a long time ago. Two yrs ago in the most succeeded in suicide. I don’t want to die, I just want the pain to go away, I moved almost 4000 miles away on my own just so I wouldn’t have to run the risk of running into my dad at the store or in my community. Yet we cannot run ourselves. I am writing a book nobody’s daughter, yet struggle with telling my story, as I find my self protecting those who never protected me. Still I am a woman of faith, and I trust that God will use all things for my good.I will not be defeated, and continue to pay for a crime I did not commit. I am a survivor, and one day I will be whole , One day I will no longer carry the stains from my daddy’s choices .