  Thank you for making this group!I had to push a male classmate off me in 7th grade. Then he bragged and I reported it to the school. He was removed from all my classes. My step-dad made a joke about raping me when I was 14 if I didn't do his laundry. I started keeping knives and short wooden spears (yes, really) in my bedroom, and hidden around the house and the property. I started taking martial arts. One night, I had to jump on his back, kick against a sideboard and yank him off my mother, because he went from yelling to getting physical in 5 seconds flat and *no one* touches my mother. I was 16.A male friend (married) in college assaulted me on multiple occasions. I had no witnesses, and felt no one would believe me because he was "the gregarious touchy flirt who doesn't mean it" until he did it to another woman, and then I told a male friend who I decided would finally listen. At which point the asshole's wife left him.Then more male 'friends,' including married. Then a couple photographers I modeled for. Then a boss, who expected me to do a threesome with him AND MY MOTHER. My mother wouldn't give him the time of day, but didn't do anything solid to protect either of us, because she didn't see him as a threat. But he was.And none of that even touches on a pedophile dad. Or my "uncle's" child porno photos.None if this is an exaggeration.I've known I was gay since before I knew "lesbian" was a real thing -- I had a crush on my mom's best friend when I was a kid. And my step-sister. The jerks did not "turn me gay."The list of guys in my friends circle, whether we were ever a benefits thing or not (because they weren't an asshole and accepted "gay"), and who I completely trust, love and respect, (gay or straight) is incredibly small. Like, I'm hard-pressed to say ten names.A man calling me "masculine" is actually a huge insult. A man telling me to grow my hair long because it's pretty, or get my nails done, pisses me off. A lot. Which *somehow* is not remotely comprehended. Especially if it's by a man old enough to be my father. Technically older, as my father is dead.I'm a dyke. And an artist who went to college for a decade because I was not going to live my life being told I couldn't be an artist because I am a woman.I project being a nice, undamaged person. I don't like projecting as angry at every male on the planet, because I have *way* more important things to do. Because I know they aren't all jerks.