As a girl growing up, it just seems to be open season. I can't even remember most of it!  An uncle who made sexual remarks all the time. I was scared was going to come into my room. He'd tell me sexual dreams he'd had about me naked, and who I later found out he had reached into my sister when she was naked showering and grabbed her tit. Older teenage boys yelling sexual remarks at me as I passed and telling me to 'get your knickers off and come over here'. A man shoved his penis up my arse as I bent over a museum exhibit when I was on a school trip as a young teen. (Men on buses all the time do that - don't imagine we think it's an umbrella!). Getting flashed at as a young teen in a park. Being targeted on a bus by a man (complete stranger) who said he was going to rape and kill me when I got off. I went to the bus driver and the man got off, but the bus got caught in traffic and when I got off in the deserted street, the man grabbed me and dragged me into a ditch and was trying to keep me there. I used every counselling tactic I know to keep him talking and diffuse the situation. I managed to get away but there was no where to go. It was an area of shops - all closed up at night. He followed me and I went into the only shop open which was a kebab shop. He followed me in. I asked to use their phone to call the police but the muslim men who owned it wouldn't let me. A young white girl who also worked there begged them to let me. I had no money (it was a pay phone). The girl gave me some money. I couldn't get the phone number of my boyfriend's shared house right - it kept going to an old lady. The man outside was telling the shop men that I was his wife and I had run away and he had a right to make me come back home with him.  The muslim men came into the back and started dragging me out and told me I had to go with my husband. The man took hold of me and started dragging me out again.  The girl started dragging me back. We got back to the phone and rang a police and a taxi. The muslim owners were haranguing me that i was shameful and should return to my husband. (And, apropos nothing, it was winter so I was covered from head to toe and in a big coat - so hey - no 'provacation'!)  The man only slipped away when the police van arrived.  The poor girl helping me was shaking like a leaf... The policeman in the van was pissed off that I insisted he drove me home.  He refused to take a statement or let me formally report it because 'it wasn't worth it' and then tried to drop me in the middle of the red light district where I would have to walk right through in the dark with the kerb crawlers. I point blank refused and made him take me home to the door, to his great disgust.